<title>Story 1 — Treasure Hunt

"The last game is 'Treasure Hunt'."
When she first heard it, Yoo Sangah recalled the memory of the day she joined Mino Soft.
The day she saw the legendary "Quest Interview" that she had only heard about.
"You're not doing that again, are you?" said the afraid HR employee.
"I am exactly doing it."
"Ha, that's ridiculous. It's the weekend."
"Anyway, it's an in-house picnic."
Executive director Kang, who ran a megaphone, continued in a loud voice as if he guessed the employees' feelings.
"Now, each treasure is linked to the main quest, and there is a reward for those who complete all the quests."
"What kind of reward, huh?"
"Well, I'll give you a tumbler again."
Complaints erupted from the employees' mouths.
On weekends when she could rest, Yoo Sangah couldn't have felt good because she was rushing out and hunting for treasure in the middle of the mountain.
Kang, who was also annoyed, continued.
"This game will be reflected in next quarter's personnel review. Do you have any motivation now?"
The hum of the employees changed from simple irritation to a more serious atmosphere. While some people asked what company in the world would give extra points for personnel evaluations as Quest, others muttered, "Yes, this is how Mino Soft works."
And Yoo Sangah thought of someone.
She thought she'll be good at this. Almost at the same time, vibrations were heard everywhere.
Yoo Sangah reflexively took out her smartphone. It was an announcement that an update was added to the in-house application.
"Everyone's updated, right? Now, here we go."
<@>[MINO SOFT ver.4.24 has been updated.]
<@>[Do you want to activate 'Treasure Hunt Mode'?]

The app immediately printed out the screen when it approved the GPS and camera interworking. How many developers did they put in for an in-house picnic?
"If you turn on the AR camera on the app and look around, you will see things different from usual. By the way, you can get AR glasses through Manager Lee."
"Uh, it's still a prototype, so you have to use it carefully. Now, take it one by one."
Yoo Sangah also saw this product at the company's prototype exhibition.
<@>[MINO GLASS ]
"Wow, as expected, Minosoft's class!"
"Are we making our hardware now?" People gathered in front of chief Lee after receiving the glasses.
Yoo Sang also received one.
"Be careful not to get hurt, and let's look hard for treasures!"'
"It's like Pokemon Go."
"If you're running out of battery, take it here." Yoo Sang-ah stared down at the auxiliary battery packed in a plastic box.
A battery box with the "MINO" logo printed neatly, she hesitated for a while and took two.
<@>[The screen connection is complete ]
<@>[Let's start "Treasure Hunt" ]

The augmented reality screen was linked to the smartphone screen when she wore large AR glasses.
"Wow, the development team must have had a hard time."
"... Mine is a bit translucent."
"Isn't it dangerous to see the surroundings so you made it transparent?"
"Oh, I'm getting motion sickness, so I'll just look at it on my smartphone screen." Can I?"
They've been preparing for this outing for quite a while.
Dunny, the main event, was also quite an example. "...didn't you just call me to test the new product, not an in-house outing?"
It was a similar atmosphere to the time when they were huddled together at the company interview room one day.
There were employees who were moving fast while talking here and there, it felt like they were a QA team testing new games in this way.
Yoo Sangah pressed the '!' sign on the app.
Then, as if waiting, the "treasure hunt rule" came to screen.
1. You can team up with the employee you want. However, when you form a team, your prize will also be divided into half.
2. There are three clues in total, and the person who finds the first three clues can find the location of the treasure.
3. You can also take other people's clues according to the rules.
It seemed to reflect the CEO's taste of liking survival games.
"Let's hurry up and go and 'get' them."
Employees scattered as if they had promised.
There were already movements here and there to form a team.
"Manager Lim, do you want to join us?"
"Mr. Cheon Myeongwoo."
It's the QA team, right? Don't you know this well?"
The personnel team and finance team members were the most eager, as if they thought it was relatively disadvantageous compared to other departments.
"Yoo Sangah, will you be on the team with me?"
"Oh, I was going to ask someone to join me first."
"Come on, Sangah, let's do it with me."
"I'm sorry."
She had someone she was going to do it with, so...
People couldn't work anymore and stepped down because of Yoo Sangah's smile, which seemed to be in trouble.
Among them was Han Myeongoh, head of the finance team.
She heard a murmur.
"Already? With whom?"
"I'm just saying she doesn't want to, believe me?"
Yoo Sangah pretended not to hear it and fell outside.
The temples soon forgot her and began to unite among themselves.
She got used to this atmosphere of the event, but there was something as boring as she was used to it as well.
Yoo Sangah pushed the company's app to one side and checked text messages that she had not checked before.
<@>[When will you come home? ]

While writing, erasing, and repeating, passing employees chatted about the promotion.
If they receive additional points for personnel evaluation this time, they will definitely confirm the next quarter, and it seems that this opportunity is only in Mino Soft.
It would be nice to get promoted.
Yoo Sangah also worked hard in her own way.
No, it was obvious. She organizes her portfolio steadily every month and studies foreign languages hard.
Just in case, she prepares a new certificate and studies coding in her spare time.
In order to appeal to executives and clients, she constantly look at fashion trends, jog for an hour every day, and do Pilates twice a week.
<@>[If you're going to keep doing that, pretend you don't have parents]
<@>[Sangah, your dad and brother... ]

But if you ask her if it's all really for promotion.
- You don't seem to like games, why did you apply?
Mino Soft interview day.
She thought it was completely hidden.
Furthermore, she didn't expect to hear that from the same job applicant, not even a face-to-face officer.
Is it because she got to take an absurd job test called "quest interview" or simply because she was annoyed by the man's words?
Yoo Sangah snapped back unlike usual.
Can't I live by doing what I like?
Then she thought, "Oh, my. It wasn't like me."
She tried to bring up another word with a belated smile, but heard a reply
Is that so?
The man didn't seem particularly offended. He looks naive,but kind.
Kim Dokja.
She can't read expressions
- That's true.
To make ends meet, Kim's voice was still half-hearted, scratching his cheeks and answering.
A fluffy cheap suit and an overly homeless colored tie. The hair style wasn't good. His face is clean, but it's hard to give a pass with his first impression.
Yoo Sangah added a word without realizing it.
- You'd better check your interview outfit.
She said it, and regretted it. Just as she thought she shouldn't have said that, she smiled again and said it was a joke.
- I wore it exactly as I coordinated it on the Internet.
Seeing the man answering a little depressed, Yoo Sangah fell into a complicated mood. Is it better to give advice here or just smile and pass by like a normal person? The agony wasn't long.
- It looks good to change your tie.
- I'll change it at the next interview. May I give you some advice?
What is it?
Kim Dokja pointed forward and said.
JN: Right now, choose the third one.
Like that day, there were three options in front of Yoo Sang-ah's eyes now.
<@>[1. Treasure hunt main route ]
<@>[2. Give up and eat hamburgers given by executive director Kang]
<@>[3. Treasure hunt hidden route]

Yoo Sangah calmly turned her head to check the surrounding situation.
Kim Dokja was not seen in the direction of the QA team. They haven't seen each other for a long time, but he didn't attend at all?
It was understandable for Kim. They already gave her a portable battery. Maybe the game has already started. Then she should hurry too.
<@>[* The main route is the route for normal game progress. You can earn rewards upon completion, and you won't be eliminated even if you fall into a trap ]
<@>[* Hidden routes are much more difficult and have a higher chance of elimination. You can get extra points]

Eventually, Yoo Sangah who finished reading chose the third as she did back then.
<@>[You chose the hidden route]
<@>[Follow the marked path ]

Immediately, an arrow icon appeared on the AR screen.
The employees who chose the hidden route with Yoo Sangah started running straight along the arrow.
"Oh, I'm leaving first."
"Take your time."
"What's going on? Is this hidden?"
Yoo Sangah did not move while looking at the people chasing her in vain.
- It's mostly a trap that says "hidden" in a straightforward way. Who would write secrets as secrets?
Yoo Sangah waited.
Ten seconds have passed, twenty seconds have passed, and a minute has passed.
A small scream began to be heard from the front.
"Wow, what's this!"
And about 10 seconds later, the list of employees who were eliminated from the front began to appear at the top of the app.
<@>[Employee, Byun Hyunjae is out]
<@>[Manager, "Lee Ha Neul" is out]
(···)
As expected, it's the same as then.
-How do you know that?
- You'll know when you see it. I get similar advice on the web··········· books I read. "Be wary of secrets that are written as secrets".
It was a story that anyone could understand.
However, there are not many people who can practice what they understand with their heads.
What did she say then? Did she ask him what the title of the book was?
Time to move. Yoo Sangah tied her sneakers tightly and began to follow the arrow with easy steps.
Bloodied bodies lay between the ridges. Of course, there are no real people, which means that the AR screen did this.
The mountain became a little rough, so Yoo Sangah turned off the glass screen and began to go down carefully, checking the surroundings with her smartphone.
Sometimes she saw items that seemed to be spilled by avatars.
<@>[Unusual item]
<@>[Secret diary of manager Lee's dreams and hopes]
<@>[Suspicious blooded traitor's USB]
<@>[CEO's secret book]
(···)
At this point, she don't know if this is a picnic or a real in-house game beta test.
It was almost split. Or what would Kim have said if he was with her, whether it was a secretly developed employee loyalty test?
It was Kim Dokja who said, "That item looks useful."
Surprised Yoo Sangah turned reflexively, a small thing right next to her fell with a "Ugh!" sound.
A woman wearing sunglasses, a mask, and a hat. The mask looked particularly big because of the small face. Yoo Sangah reached out her hand reflexively.
"I'm sorry."
"It's all right. I'm sorry I stole your phone."
"Oh, yes."
"Are those glasses AR devices? It's my first time seeing a model." Yoo Sangah blanked out for a moment. It's been a long time since she have dealt with this kind of "My Face".
"Oh, yes. Well, it's still a prototype."
She saw a cat-like eye through the slightly lowered sunglasses. a small stature seeing that there was no staff necklace, she didn't look like a company person.
The woman who looked around grumbled.
"Why are there so many people today? Is there a picnic or something?"
"And what kind of game is it?" Will it be officially released this time? AR Screen game?"
"Yes."
" Then I'll leave." I guess it's being tested."
Yoo Sangah stared at the woman's face for a while and smiled.
Then, she took off her mask and smiled and wrote it again.
"Show me the game," the woman held out her cat-like hand. She wasn't used to this kind of rudeness. She doesn't even know what to say.
In addition, she doesn't want to say her age, but the woman in front of her looked like a late teenager no matter how much she looked at her.
"It's a company secret."
"Confidential? I really like things like that. I won't tell anyone, so just let me know a little bit."
As she turned around and strode, a woman suddenly stuck to the smartphone screen with her finger.
"Go when you want, but pick that up before leaving. It's a must-have item."
"What?"
"The CEO's secret book."
Yoo Sangah picked up the item shown on the AR screen.
<@>[CEO's secret book ]

Explanation: Literally, the CEO's secret book. When you fall into a trap, you can revive only once in exchange for the CEO's secret.
It was a really useful item.
"...What do you do?"
"Me? I'm a writer."
"Are you a scenario writer for our company?"
"I'm not from this company. Anyway, what company is that? "
Anyway, Yoo Sangah decided to match the rhythm. She wouldn't have done that normally, but she felt like she could do it a little bit today. It's been a long time since she had a picnic and said, "Mino Soft."
"Oh, a company that mass-produces 'probability behind' drawing games. I know."
"Well-"
She was going to make an excuse. Because it was true.
The woman who introduced herself as a writer talked excitedly.
"The recent phone game there was no joke with BM. No matter how much the phone game is for donations, isn't it because you have no conscience?"
"It's a shame."
The woman shrugged her shoulders, entered something into her smartphone and showed it to Yoo Sangah.
"I'm one of them."
RANK.1 Genius Pretty Girl Writer (NEW)
It was a collective RPG game released by Mino Soft earlier this year.
To stay at the top of the server rankings until now, you would have to spend at least a source of revenue... ...are you the third generation of chaebol? However, it was not a sign of wit.
"You said you were a writer. What book did you write?"
"Do you read novels?"
"A little bit."
"What do you read?"
"Raymond Carver, Haruki Murakami, and..."
"Well, okay. You don't have to say more."
Yoo Sangah, who was slightly offended, narrowed her eyes.
"...what did you write?"
"'Hmm, well. Anyway, just know that it's famous."
"Did you write a novel that you can't say?"
"No, there's nothing I can't say."
Yoo Sangah asked, tilting her head.
"Is it a rated-R novel?"
"'No."
"'Is it a racy novel then?"
"It's the same thing."
She couldn't see her eyes because she was wearing sunglasses, but she thought she knew what expression it was.
"It's a bit of a weird type. Sometimes I see a type like you in my novels."
Suddenly, why did Kim Dokja's face with a knowing smile pass by? Today is a very strange day. Yoo Sang-ah clenched her molars so that it wouldn't be obvious and said.
"What type of thing is that?"
Yoo Sangah smiled, but inside grind her teeth.
Then, when she had the opportunity, she suddenly changed and hit the other person's neck like this.
Yoo Sangah remained expressionless for a while, looking at the woman holding her neck tightly with both hands.
And five seconds later, she smiled.
"You won't know what type it is even if you listen to me."
The woman looked at Yoo Sangah as if she was a rare creature, and made a helpless sound without realizing it.
".......uh."
"What?."
"'I was a little scared just now." Of course the woman's expression wasn't the one who was scared at all.
Rather, she looked happy. The woman murmured, "A well-written cliché hits the back of the head," and began to write something on her smartphone notepad.
She doesn't know if the writer is lying, but at first glance, there was something full of the memo app.
Yoo Sang-ah glanced at the notes and realized that she had suddenly walked along the mountain path with a woman.
There were no fellow employees around. Everyone seemed to be scattered looking for clues.
<@>[The first clue is nearby ]

And there's a good timing notification.
She didn't mean to work this hard, but somehow she really found the treasure.
The woman talked to Yoo Sangah, who was looking for the treasure by changing the camera's viewpoint.
"Is it okay to watch?"
"You've been watching it for a while."
"Isn't that what you're looking for?" There was definitely a bush until a while ago, and suddenly a computer stood tall on the screen.
It was a model that evoked sensibility in the 1990s, with a large CRT monitor and a horizontal body. Computer in augmented reality.
She can't believe she even have such a device. Seeing that the acquisition button did not appear, the computer itself did not seem to be a clue.
When she pressed the screen and turned on the computer, a game soon appeared on the monitor.
The game logo, colorful illustrations, and the main character's lines began to cross from the monitor on the screen.
- I'm not going back.
Perhaps because it is still the early version, the way of telling the narrative was very unfortunate. She don't know exactly what it's about, but it was clear that it was somewhat antisocial because the naked man with a knife was poking hard on the screen.
"..it's a bit like the novel I know."
"'Novel?"
"His novel hasn't been gamified yet, but you've turned it into a game? What kind of crazy guy is he?"
There was a scene that came to mind the moment she heard it.
He's is from the TF team. A hazy memory of a pale face with an incongruous smile.She doesn't know why, but he asked her for setup advice.
A woman who was struggling pressed Yoo Sangah's screen at will.
Then the intro screen went over and the game started.
<@>[Controlling Avatar to win the dance competition ]
<@>[If you win the competition, you will be recognized as the "true lord" of Gorgon]
"Is it Daejeon action?"
"Do you know how to do it?"
"Not at all."
Fortunately, it was not as difficult as she thought, so the two of them joined forces and won the dance competition.
When Yoo Sangah played one game, she changed her turn to a woman playing one game.
"It's like 'Slipping Shovel'.It's a big gain."
"A yap-shovel?"
"It's a character specialized in stabbing. If you use a stab, you win. You don't even have to use other techniques."
"I think you can only use stabbing in the first place."
No matter what technique you use, you go out to stab. Slightly poking. Usually stabbing. Stabbing hard. At a glance, it was a rough technical name.
The challenge was considerable, so it was not difficult even for the first person to play the game.
The two, who went to the round of 16, the quarterfinals, and the semifinals at once, are about to play in the finals.
<@>[The final round of the dance competition begins ]
<@>[If you win the final round, you can get the first clue ]

At that point, the cut scene suddenly appeared.
Said the woman in fairy clothes who appeared in the cut scene.
<@>["You came all the way up here." But it's a shame. The final match won't be as easy as you think."]
"Well, let's say that line."
<@>["The crowd here gathered to see if you really deserve to be a lord." In other words, it's not just your force that we're curious about." ]
"Huh?"
The woman grumbled at the longer-than-expected cut scene.
"...Was it a Visual Novel, not Daejeon action?"
The screen changed with waves. When the swirling effect disappeared, it floated.
They saw a naked protagonist climbing the rock with his colleagues.
<@>[You're climbing a rugged mountain range with your colleague ]

In the vast rocky area reminiscent of the Grand Canyon, the bolts of the rock wall hung by the main character on the secured water were gradually falling out.
Help! The bolt fell out, and the tail's party clung to the air, tied to a rope. It was a pretty plausible video, so Yoo Sangah clenched her fist without realizing it.
Leader! If we keep doing this, we can't stand any more!
-You must choose. If you don't cut off the bottom rope...!
She suddenly knew what this was about.
Soon the screen stopped and options appeared.
1. "More people need to live. Cut the rope and sacrifice one person." [Button A]
2. "Life is all precious. Even if it is annihilated, it does not cut off anyone's rope." [Button B]
<@>[You must decide in 60 seconds.]

Yoo Sangah and the woman, who checked the contents, murmured almost at the same time.
"Trolley dilemma."
"It is asking if you're going to save the majority at the expense of the few."
If the explanation of the game is correct, the main character is now attending a dance competition to be recognized as a "Seongju."
And the person who created the game was 'Mino Soft', and it was the general employee who played the game.
<@>[50 seconds left ]

Then the answer was simple.
"I think the answer is the number 1 sacrifice by a few," the woman said so.
This is a game made by a company. And the company wants a leader who can sacrifice the few for the axiom. Because that's how big companies work.
The answer, both inside and outside the game, was clear that more people survived.
Yoo Sangah opened her mouth.
"The person who hangs on the rear may be the most capable."
"But we can't all die."
"And the company doesn't roll into a one-man show.Maybe it's a question of choosing an answer that's not common sense."
"Well, you might think so.To be honest, if I were an executive of your company, I wouldn't be able to see the person who chose No. 2 as a good person."
That's right. If you're from the company's point of view, No. 1 is right. That's what the woman said, and that's what Yoo Sang-h thought. But why?
"Is there any way for everyone to survive? I felt like I shouldn't choose that option"
Watching the rapidly decreasing time, Yoo Sangah's pupils became cloudy.
<@>[40 seconds left]

For a moment, the faint memory became clear.
There was no doubt that the person who made this...
"If I were a Dokja."
"'What?"
"It's the name of the person who made the game. I remembered that he was making this"
so the woman's finger paused. ".....what's his name?' 'Kim Dokja. ·Do you know him?"
A woman was caught on the AR screen.
Tsutsutsch. For a moment something like a spark popped over her sunglasses that you can see over the screen.
Surprised Yoo Sangah lowered her glasses and looked at the woman. There was no such thing as a spark. Her cat-like eyes were only looking at her.
Did she see it wrong? Or is it AR effect?
"I don't know. It's a strange name. Just make a quick decision."
····· Was it an illusion? She thought it was a prototype, but the glasses were broken.
<@>[15 seconds left ]
"If you don't choose quickly, I'll press it".
<@>[10 seconds left]

If she were reader Kim. With ten seconds left, Yoo Sangah thought and thought. It's a game that came out as a company's quest, but it's Kim Dokja who made it.
Did the "Kim Dokja" really make No. 1 for the company as right answer?
- I'll be at the company dinner, but I have to be in at seven.
Or did he make number 2, which could all die, the answer?
- I don't participate in the picnic. I hate hiking the most.
Yoo Sangah's lips twisted without realizing it. Her finger was moving toward the button before she knew it.
<@>[5 seconds left]
"Huh? Hey!"
Her fingers headed to a strange place past button A, choosing number 1, and button B, choosing number 2.
It was an option that didn't make sense, and it didn't exist in the first place. She didn't know if she would be eliminated like this. Nevertheless.
<@>[Button C has been entered]

Yoo Sangah chose button C.
Then the cut scene came to mind.
<@>["I'll choose number 3" ]
<@>["What?" That option doesn't exist."]
<@>["No. 3." It was a ridiculous development. If people die because of the 'rock wall'...]

Yoo Sang-ah and the woman stared blankly at the cut scene. Intense wind pressure was forming in the main character's drama on the screen.
<@>["You can break the rock wall"]

A cinematic video of a huge rock wall splitting with a stabbing came out and a magnificent subtitle appeared.
<@>["The World After The Fall" is coming to you soon]

Was it a game teaser video?
The woman murmured in despair.
"No, it was a scam like this."
Yoo Sangah did not respond to the woman's words. She just stared blankly at the screen.
The woman touched Yoo Sangah's arm with her elbow and asked.
"How did you know the answer?"
" ..........I thought it would be like this if it was a game he made."
<@>[The first clue was 'Coordinate A'.]
"I get it roughly. We need to gather three clues and get the coordinates with the final treasure."
It was good to have the first clue unexpectedly, but when she came to her senses, she was deep in the mountains. Why did she come to this place when she seems to have moved well just by following the arrow?
Is the GPS broken? Even if it wasn't rock climbing, the mountain became more rugged than before, making it difficult to walk just by looking at the AR screen.
Besides, "This way! Let's go this way!"
It seemed like she made a choice that didn't suit her character.
Yoo Sang-ah thought. What if she was the "naked man" earlier, and she was riding a rock wall with that woman.
"I had to cut the rope."
"What?"
"How long are you following me?"
"Aren't we at the same party now? Now, next is this side."
Originally, she was going to spend a moderate amount of time and then go home after talking nonsense with people. This evening, she have a foreign language lecture and Pillates
Now this.
There was a test class, and there wasn't much time to waste leisurely. So
-Can't I just live doing what I like? It's just to make a living.
<@>[The second clue is nearby ]

As the background of the AR screen changed, the surrounding trees began to dry all at once.
The vitality of the tree was concentrated at the tip of the branch. After a while, golden fruits opened on the top of all the trees on the screen.
<@>[You have to collect the fruit of the fantasy tree]
<@>[Throw a stone and drop the fruit ]
<@>[Number of fruits acquired: 0/30]

It seemed to be a game based on a novel.
"I guess you're telling me to throw this," the woman said, pointing to a virtual stone that looks small at the bottom of the screen.
The rules of the game were simple. You could throw a virtual stone to drop the fruit, and pick up the fallen fruit. It's a ridiculously easy game to play as a hidden route...
"It doesn't work as well as I thought."
"Give it to me."
She threw it like this and that, but there was no sign of being hit by the fruit. It didn't even get close to the fruit exactly. Even if you drag and release a slingshot like pulling it, a stone falls without any part. What the hell's wrong?
"Do you need special controls? That's not how you do it."
"Oh, that scared me."
When she looked back, a small boy, who seemed to be ten years old, was standing with a large insect net armed with white protective clothing for children. The woman looked at the boy with strange eyes and asked.
"What's this? Why is the little boy alone in the mountain?"
Yoo Sangah thought to herself that it was not something she should say, but the woman's question was still valid.
Instead of answering, the boy waved his finger at Yoo Sangah's smartphone.
"By rotating the stones. Try it like this."
When he twirled my fingers and let go, the resilient stone flew like a shot and dropped the fruit.
Yoo Sangah was a little impressed.
"Oh, this is how you do it. Thank you."
"Put honorifics to a child."
The unidentified boy also informed that the direction and throwing speed of the stone changed depending on the speed and direction of the finger rotation.
The woman looked very unhappy, but Yoo Sangah was proud of such a boy.
"Did you,little friend, come all the way here alone?" What about your parents?"
He shook his head
."This is not a hiking trail, so it's dangerous."
He nodded to walk with them until he gets better.
Fruit collection was instantaneous once it began to speed up. Both Yoo Sangah and the woman bicker and threw stones hard.
In the middle, they made an expression that they wanted to throw at each other, but anyway, the performance was not bad.
<@>[Number of fruits acquired: 29/30 ]

Finally, only the last fruit is left.
"I got hit, but it won't fall off," said the woman, who was throwing stones hard at the last fruit.
Yoo Sangah also spun the stone and threw it.
However, no matter how many times she threw it, it didn't hit.
She thought something was wrong, so she lowered the AR screen.
"It must be because of that. That keeps blocking the perception of the fruit."
Indeed, something like a yellow palm fruit was hanging from the end of the tree and blocking the view. It was the first fruit she has ever seen in her life.
"The real fruit covers the fake fruit. Then I'll give you a real stone first."
"Wait a minute, that-"
Before Yoo Sangah could dry it, a woman who picked up a stone threw a stone at the fruit.
The fruit shook with a snap, and an ominous sound came from somewhere. noa
"I don't think it's a day sale."
But it was late when I noticed.
The sound of something crying. Cluster creatures flying in unison in yellow barrels. Bees.
She has sometimes seen stories on the news about people who were stung by bees while going to the mountains. But she didn't think it would be her.
The woman's face turned blue, and Yoo Sangah's head turned tight.
What did they tell her to do when she touched the hive? There was a lot of advice that came to mind. Turn around straight and run straight. Jump into the nearby water. Back off with a low belly.
But she didn't know what advice was right.Maybe there was some misinformation.
"Don't move. I don't think they've noticed it yet."
It was the boy's voice.
"When the gatekeeper bee approaches nearby, there is a crackling sound. Slowly step back one step at a time and focus on the sound. If you take about 50 steps back, they won't follow you."
" How on earth do you know that?"
The boy's eyes over the protective clothing were calm. Fortunately, the number of bees that flew up has not yet been large, as if the beehive had been hit hard.
Just… she heard a similar sound somewhere.
Yoo Sangah swallowed her saliva and took a step back. The woman next to her was also taking a step back with a nervous look on her face.
They caught him.
The boy took a step forward.
Yoo Sangah roughly said, "We didn't step back together, but why did the boy keep moving forward without looking back at us?"
Gradually relaxed. Yoo Sangqh looked at the boy's small and determined back of the head, and the boy, who calmly stepped forward from holding his arm on fire, slowly stirred the net to trap the wasps one by one.
It seemed to be a network of insects designed to catch bees from the beginning, not a normal one.
After tapping the hive several times, the number of flying bees increased. And the next moment, the boy banged the pole with all his might, and the beehive fell into the net.
The boy quickly tied the end of the net and succeeded in locking the bee. It was so great that she could call him a professional.
"It's a wasp on the back, and it's an ecological disturbance. Just one wasp kills hundreds of bees."
"......what the hell are you? Are your mom and dad natural people?"
Then the boy stared up at the woman.
"I don't have my mom and dad."
"Uh, uh......"
The woman scratched her head with an embarrassed expression. But the boy didn't seem to be hurt. On the contrary, he looked proud.
"I came here because I heard there was a wasp shop nearby."
"What do you use it for?"
"I'm going to sell it to the owner of an insect store I know."
"I'm proud of this boy"
Yoo Sangah barely took a breather as she watched the woman, saying, "I already asked for pocket money myself, when I was also at your age."
Anyway, thanks to the boy, she succeeded in winning the last sale.
<@>[The second clue is "Coordinate B" ]

The party suddenly became three people.
What would the company people or Kim Dokja have said if they saw it?
- Maybe the basics of a party are tanker, healer, and damage dealer.
Let's make a team together.
Yoo Sangah shook her head after thinking for a while about what position the two would fit in.
The time when the sun is setting. The trail began to be seen in the distance. Seeing a few hikers, it seemed that the way was down the mountain.
When she turned around, the woman was muttering in a slightly absent-minded tone. "It was a better adventure than I thought."
Yoo Sang-ah felt like a John Bond when the woman said it, a person who didn't know what to do and never made a full name.
Like she said, it feels like she is done with a short adventure. She enjoyed the sunset for a while. Standing with an insect boy and a writer woman, Yoo Sang-ah opened her mouth in a faraway place.
"I was just going to kill time"
"I not actually here to hike, I will be doing a research on a novel after this"
"You didn't run away from home?"
"Run away from home? How old do you think I am?"
The woman, who looked too young in her not looking like a hiking suit, smiled without being embarrassed.
But.
"Well, there was a place I wanted to run away from."
The woman asked the insect boy, who was still, if he would have gone back by now. "Are you really running away from home?I just don't want to stay home. ········Catch bugs."
Yoo Sangah stroked the boy's head over her protective clothing. The boy glanced up with his safety glasses on.
Is it because she's looking at the child's eyes? Yoo Sangah inadvertently expressed her true feelings.
"I'm really running away from home."
"......You? You didn't come to the company picnic?"
Yoo Sangah smiled instead of answering. It could have been explained in detail. About her family or background. About the role her parents want her to play. Regarding the text message "Senior" that flies every day or the profiles of the third generation of chaebol But Yoo Sangah is still…
She didn't say anything.
People she doesn't know when will meet again.
The conversation doesn't work very well, and the values are too different. The time together was too short to feel the bond. And yet why.
Yoo Sangah felt that they were "on the same side as her." Surprised Yoo Sangah looked back at the writer. Looking closely, the writer was writing something hard on her smartphone notepad.
"OK, I'll have to write it on the outside someday"
''......You said you were a writer?"
"I told you"
"'So, what did you write –"
<@>[There's a third clue nearby. ]

When she looked around with the AR screen, the background under her feet was changing.
<@>["Escape Track" will be created ]

It was a strange-shaped track, as if it led to an unknown world somewhere. A road that seems to be made by combining numbers and data.
<@>[Run the track and escape within the time limit ]
<@>[Careful with stamina management]
<@>[The first person who runs the track gets the "third clue" ]

She could see familiar faces running from afar. As the leading group,it was the QA team and the finance team that started to target.
<@>[Yoo Sangah, did you get on the hidden route? ]
<@>[Did you collect a lot of clues?]
<@>[Let's share it with us ]
<@>[Yoo Sangah, where are you?]

When she opened the message box that she couldn't check because she was lazy, there were a lot of messages from other departments.
Han of the finance team sent the most messages. So a middle-aged man running from the front line over there.
"Yoo Sangah! With us, with me if you don't mind."
Collaborating with them would have been one way. She can also take other people's clues according to the rules.
As if reading the atmosphere, the writer asked. "You're trying to run away, right?" Yoo Sangah nodded, and the writer and the insect boy looked at each other at the same time.
It was almost the same time that the insect boy handed the net containing the honeycomb to the writer, and the writer opened her mouth.
"Stop stop. Here's a black beetle. Don't come near me."
The temples, who found a bee buzzing in the distance, stopped walking in fright. The writer made a fuss by swinging the insect net at them.
"My pet bee hates strangers. And I don't like strangers either."
"What the heck. Who is that girl? Sangah, come here quickly because it's dangerous!"
Yoo Sangah watched the scene blankly. Only then did she understand the writer's intention.
But she didn't understand. Why? She didn't know why. What was certain was that she was willing to take the role of 'tanker' in this quest, which had nothing to do with her.
The insect boy next to her was also provoking the punishment as if he was excited. Why? It was no use asking questions.
Therefore, Yoo Sangah didn't expect an answer either.
Writer shouted, "What are you doing? Hurry up and go. Go and be the winner of this game."
"You haven't told me the book you wrote yet."
The book she wrote was buried in the sound of flying bees and she couldn't hear the writer's voice. Perhaps some bees succeeded in escaping, so the writer made a yuck sound.
The insect boy waving his hand. She saw the writer's lips saying something. For a moment there seemed to be a spark in her face.
"Take care of me"
What?She doesn't know if that really meant it. She just guessed that it was such a word.
Taking a dreamy step, Yoo Sangah runs along with the writer.
She looked back at the insect boy. Wouldn't it be nice to get his contact information or name? What's all this? It's not like people's lives are at stake. It's just an event that the company made for fun.
Spark.
A noise-splitting smile, and finally the writer's face was seen.
"Hurry up and go"
And Yoo Sangah ran. She didn't know she could run so fast. Beyond the AR screen, a track made of numbers was breaking.
She can run faster. A strange sense of liberation rose with the overwhelming breath. She didn't remember how long it's been since she ran with all her might.
<@>[MINO GLASS' battery is low!]

There were occasional shouts of the temples following. The AR safety over the nose shook cumbersomely, and the screen blinked and interfered with the view.
Even if she reaches the end of this track, her life will not change much. She will wake up at the same time every day, brush her teeth, wash her face, and get ready for work. She'll meet the obvious and do the obvious. There will be troublesome calls from home. There will be people who make her angry. Someone will berate her for not showing a gap. She will study Spanish that she's not interested in, get a certificate, get a qualification, do pilates. She will smile all life.
Nevertheless, what if having to eat, laugh, and live is not what she really want to do.
That's why she should or shouldn't cut the rope, give a way to what she can do now.
So Yoo Sangah ran. Taking off the fallen glasses, she ran down the road where the arrow disappeared. She ran faster than bees and desperately more than rock climbers.
Until her leg muscles burst, until she's out of breath. She ran and ran. How much did she run like that?
A message appeared on the AR screen of the smartphone that she inadvertently looked down.
<@>[You've exhausted all the stamina given ]
<@>[Your avatar will die due to excessive exhaustion ]

Huh?
<@>[Recovering the avatar's life in exchange for "CEO's secret"]
<@>[Stamina is all charged]

She looked up and saw the end of the trail.
<@>[You've completed the track]
<@>[You got the third clue, "Coordinate C"]

As soon as she checked the message, how long was Yoo Sangah breathing with her waist down?
The smartphone has risen sharply. It was a message from the personnel manager.
<@>[Yoo Sangah.Are you still on a treasure hunt? I'm almost done organizing here, so don't come back up and go down the mountain.]

It was the end of the adventure. Yoo Sangah did not return to the picnic area.
Normally, she would have gone back to get her score and cleaned up and helped, but she wasn't in the mood today.
So what was the treasure? Yoo Sangah acquired only three coordinates. When she pressed down on the coordinates, a "combination" command came to mind soon.
Yoo Sangah immediately entered three coordinates into the combination formula.
<@>[The location of the treasure is displayed]

A familiar map screen came up over the company's app. It's not that far away, so she rented a public bicycle around. In the cool night air,she thought about what happened today.
It's been a day with a lot of strange things. She met a woman who claimed to be a self-proclaimed writer, and she met an insect boy who was good at handling bees.
She worked very hard on treasure hunting, which she would not have worked hard on normally, even when she was young. She worked really hard.
<@>[Arrived at the destination]

The bicycle stopped at a large bookstore nearby. The interior lighting was bright as there was still time left to close.Yoo Sangah hesitated for a while and opened the bookstore door and entered.
If the coordinates obtained by the clue were correct, the place where the treasure was located was here. She turned on AR with a calm mind and looked around, but there was nothing that stood out.
While looking around each corner, she saw new books of writers.
(···)
There was also a novel that she saw earlier during the quest.
It was a real novel.
Don't tell me that the novel was a treasure, and it was on the law display. Perhaps the trend has changed a lot these days, so the novel published in a paper book is the most eye-catching novel among them.
··· "Can't you still contact the writer?" Hurry up and find it!"
She wondered what the fuss was about, and a small event was held in one corner of the bookstore. When sheooked closely, there was also a standing sign.
A fan signing event for writers.
sequel (SSSSS-class infinite reincarnation) title that she think she has heard somewhere in the publication period.
"Should I cancel the schedule?"
"So I told them to get a confirmation letter.But she said she wouldn't have a fan signing event."
There was something wrong, and officials were busy hanging around with their smartphones in their ears.
<@>[Only 1% of battery left ]

Oh, my. She forgot to charge it. If she doesn't find it quickly, she'll be in trouble. She couldn't see where the treasure was hidden.
Only a few readers who read books in front of the book stand can be seen beyond the screen. One avid reader was staring at the book with his eyes alight.
"How did you even plagiarize this?"
He put down the book that was reading and started looking for something with his smartphone.
"Well, that's right. The 41st chapter."
Yoo Sangah walked toward him, feeling like she had spilled half.
"The 41st chapter is... Huh? It's a little weird."
His pale face,a strange talk to oneself and like magic, the AR screen turned black. As she lowered the camera slowly, a familiar face was in front of her.
"......Mr. Kim Dokja?"
Each walked down the street with an iced chocolate and an Americano. Yoo Sangah opened her mouth first.
"As expected, you're a reader."
"'What?"
"You've already found all the treasures. That's why you're here."
She didn't remember seeing Kim Dokja at the picnic. But if she knew Kim Dokja,he'd been hiding somewhere near and cleared the quest.It wasn't strange to do it.
"Oh, treasure," said Kim Dokja, sucking in the ice chocolate. "I didn't participate."
*What? Then –"
"It's different. Honestly, I thought no one could break the hidden root."
Yoo Sangah was also calmly explained why Kim was here. Originally, the production of the "Treasure Hunt" update was under the control of the development team.
However, the development team started to use insufficient personnel from other departments, and one of them was Kim Dokja.
Then, the update volume increased and entered the CEO's ear, and the CEO ordered Kim Dokja, who is a contractor anyway and has nothing to do with promotion, to be appointed as the main designer of the TF.
"As expected, you made it all."
"Not all of it.Just a little bit of the hidden root part."
Kim Dokja licked his lips with an embarrassed face. Is it because she has never seen such a face before? Yoo Sangah was full of mischief for no reason.
"I think you were very noticeable to the extent that the CEO gave you the assignment yourself."
"He was a little unusual."
"Did you see the CEO yourself?"
"Yes."
That was a little surprising
.
Since rumors have circulated that the representative has changed in recent years, She has heard that even a considerable number of executives do not know the representative's face. Mino Soft CEO, who has been doing all kinds of tricks, including "quest interviews," but his identity is unclear. But he only showed up in front of a contract worker.
"I don't think he's human."
"Is he that bad?"
"Oh, I don't mean like that."
Kim Dokja smiled, so Yoo Sangah smiled too.
"His outfit was cool. He was wearing a fedora and a coat, and looked like an English gentleman."
"Wow. I don't know if I'll ever see him either."
"Yoo Sangah, of course..."
"So, was your last job waiting at the bookstore?"
"Well, as originally planned, when I found all the hidden route coordinates, I was supposed to pick up the 'treasure' at the bookstore."
"That's what you give me."
"Yes, that's what it was supposed to be."
That message definitely appeared on the in-house app.
<@>[You succeeded in "Treasure Hunt"]
<@>[You earned 2 extra points for promotion and will be reflected in the next quarter's HR review ]
<@>[You finished "Treasure Hunt" through the hidden route. Please receive the special product from the promised coordinates. ]
"I haven't received anything because the CEO hasn't contacted me since yesterday.So it's not a treasure, but I thought I'd buy a book for you at least with my own money."
Yoo Sangah looked down at her smartphone, which was turned off.
"I wish you'd joined me."
"What?"
"I had a lot of fun today. I met a weird-talking writer, I met an insect boy in protective clothing, and for the first time in my life, I did everything I could to my power, not paying attention to people's eyes."
A short novel-like story Yoo Sangah told to Kim Dokja.
"But what can I do? I don't have any treasure to give you. You must have had a hard time."
"It's okay. I've already found it."
"What?"
"Do you want one?" Yoo Sangah took one of the auxiliary batteries from her eco-bag. Kim's eyes turned round.
"Oh, this..."
"You always borrow a portable battery.I thought you might need it."
Kim's expression changed several times in a short moment. "Can I really have it?"
"Yes, I have one of mine, too. It's yours."
"Oh, then thanks. I'm still in need of one." Kim Dokja immediately opened the auxiliary battery and started charging it. With a beep sound, the remaining battery capacity was displayed on the screen of Kim's smartphone.
<@>[Charging 1% ]

Yoo Sangah doesn't know what 1% means to Kim Dokja. For her, a portable battery is a mixed item, and she's not so enthusiastic as to use the company logo engraved on it.
Nevertheless, at that moment, Yoo Sangah was tearing off the battery pack with Kim Do-a.
"It's lighter than I thought. It's good to carry around."
"Right?"
Yoo Sangah also connected the jack and started charging. Light came on the screen of the stuck smartphone, displaying a "1% charging" sign.
Yoo Sangah thought for a moment while fiddling with the "MINO" logo engraved on the battery pack. If she turn on the AR screen again now, wouldn't she see something different?
Seeing Kim Dokja, who always hung a portable battery as if it were a real treasure, Yoo Sangah took her hand with the power button several times and quit. Instead, she looked up at the sky with her own eyes, not with a camera. And she saw an unexpected scene in the night sky of Seoul.
"...there were so many stars in Seoul."
The sky in Seoul, which had always been black, was exceptionally bright. Incredible number of stars. Looking at the stars flowing somewhere, Yoo Sangah felt that she was moving somewhere. When she left home and joined the company. And even at this moment of going home with a man.
Kim Dokja was also stopping and looking up at the sky.
"Mr. Dokja."
"Yes?"
There's no such thing as treasure.
"I have to go home quickly."
Yoo Sangah walked half a step ahead of Kim Dokja, facing the cool night breeze. She knows this feeling won't last long. It may be a brief appreciation to forget tomorrow.
Kim Dokja, who was looking at the stars for a while, nodded and now started reading something on his smartphone.
Yoo Sangah doesn't know about the story that Kim Dokja reads.
Instead,she thought about treasure hunting.
The treasure hunt has Yoo Sangah, a writer, and a boy. Maybe there's a Kim Dokja. There may be a manager or someone she doesn't know. There will be a sky with so many stars.
Yoo Sangahh thought about the magnificent adventure of walking, laughing, and talking to the stars and going looking for treasure. So for the first time she thought about what she wanted to do the most.
Exhibition, The end.