<title>568 Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (5)
"That's right, that's him!"
I activated the skill toward the girl who was confidently gossiping about me to Jung Heewon.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated!]
<!>[The information of this person can't be read in 'Character List'.]
<!>[This person is a 'character' but not a 'character'.]
Oh well.
Then I'll use this.
<!>[Do you want to use 'Reader's Comments List' in this person?]
'Yes.'
<!>['Readers' Comments List' skill level has increased to show the number of upvotes and downvotes for each comment.]
<!>['Readers' Comments List' proficiency level has increased, it will display the 'Number of reads' item now.]
This is only my second time using it and the proficiency has already increased?
I should use this more often.
+
ID: alsdn0905
Platform: Sirius
Total Comments: 168
Reader level: 38
Number of reads: 1.8 times
* You can use coins to view the comments written by this reader.
* Number of comments currently available for free: 3.
+
This was the second reader I met after Dansoo ahjussi.
Since the 'number of reads' count is 1.8, I'm guessing she read the entire Omniscient Reader at least once.
Was she actually a good person?
Let's see what she commented.
+
I like Jung Heewon
ᅳUpvotes 3 / Downvotes 1
ᅳ(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, chapter 18)
+
Mmm.......
+
From today on, I will do 100 push-ups, 100 squats, and run 10 kilometers every day to become a man worthy of Heewon-nim
ᅳUpvotes 0 Downvotes 5
ᅳ(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, chapter 25)
+
I'm confused as to whether this is serious or an expression.
+
Heewon-nim... I love you... Seriously... I love you as much as 3000 squats...
—Upvotes 2 Downvotes 8
—(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, chapter 107)
+
Man, the number of downvotes just keep increasing.
<!>[Pay coins to see additional comments.]
<!>[Pay 100 coins to see an additional comment.]
......Shall I see just one more?
+
I can do the same as Lee Hyunsung
—Upvotes 0 Downvotes 12
—(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, chapter 139)
+
I thought about what happened in chapter 139.
Chapter 139 is around episode 27.
It was probably when Nirvana came out, about when Jung Heewon was going on a rampage after being infected with Thought Infection. Was it the scene where Lee Hyunsung threw his whole body to stop Jung Heewon's runaway?
Dansoo ahjussi asked.
"That little girl is like us...... right?"
"I think so."
I decided to contact her fisrt.
However, as I approached, the girl started screaming.
"Uwaak! Help!"
"Excuse me."
"He's going to kill me, and even if he doesn't, he's going to do something bad anyway!"
I was about to say that there's no way I'd do such a thing, but then I remembered that I was Cheon Inho.
I held my hands up lightly, signaling that I meant no offense.
"No, I was just saying hello......."
As I was saying that, Bang Cheolsoo, who had popped up from the side, shouted.
"Listen up! From now on, our Cheoldoo Group will occupy Geumho Station! Drop everything you're carrying and head over there—"
I punched Bang Cheolsoo in the back of the head with all my might.
<!>[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' has sponsored you 100 coins.]
After backing down Bang Cheolsoo, who looked back at me in frustration, I looked at the girl again.
"I'm not a bad person, you seem to misunderstand something."
"Don't come, you villain!"
"She's telling you not to come."
Jung Heewon's voice was determined as she hid the girl behind her.
The girl poked her head over Jung Heewon's shoulder and looked at me with a pleased face.
So that's how it is.
I sighed lightly and said.
"It can't be helped, so let's just talk like this."
Jung Heewon looked back and forth between me and the girl, then asked her.
"Is that okay?"
The girl looked at Jung Heewon in confusion, and Jung Heewon looked back at me.
"She's scared, you can talk to her another time."
"I have no intention of threatening her, and if I do, Jung Heewon-ssi can stop me."
I called for Bang Cheolsoo and was given a pipe. Just when Jung Heewon's expression hardened as if she thought I had finally shown my true colors, I handed the pipe to her.
"If you see me threatening her, hit me over the head with this."
"What?"
"Hard."
<!>[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries's eyes are shining.]
Jung Heewon stared down at the pipe she had been given, then said in a bewildered voice.
"I don't intend to go that far."
"Then let's get started."
I cleared my throat with a hmm, and began to speak in a theatrical voice.
"I like Jung Heewon."
"......?"
Jung Heewon looked at me with confused eyes.
I continued.
"From today on, I will do 100 push-ups, 100 squats, and run 10 kilometers every day to become
a man worthy of Heewon-nim."
Jung Heewon looked like she didn't know whether to slap me on the head or not.
"Heewon-nim... I love you... Seriously..."
"What are you doing?"
"I can do the same as Lee-"
"Now, wait!"
The contemplative girl eventually popped out from behind Jung Heewon.
I smirked and said.
"Are you ready to talk now? Judge Heewon—"
The girl who quickly covered my mouth looked back at Jung Heewon and smiled awkwardly.
"Unni. I'm sorry, I guess I got the wrong person."
"Are you okay? It sounds like you're being blackmailed?"
"No! I'm really not, so don't worry!"
Looking at the shaken girl, I was once again convinced.
This must be him.
This is the same person who sat next to me in the event theater.
Nickname [Judge Heewon].
The muscular man who answered the trivia question about the name of Jung Heewon's sword, roared, jumped on stage, and came to possess someone in this world.
Wait, I thought he was a man?
He, or she, who was now a tiny girl, even tinier than Jung Heewon, spoke over my mouth.
"Why don't we go over there and talk?"
***
"That...... Cheon Inho?"
"Yes."
"Who the hell are you?"
Judge Heewon looked at me and ahjussi with fear in her eyes, as if she were trying to figure out who we were by our looks. But there was no way she could have known who I was.
I realized that I needed to let her guard down a bit. Luckily, I had learned the social language to use in this situation.
"Jung Heewon is great."
"What? Of course......."
Judge Heewon's expression became strange.
"Wait, you-?"
"Yes."
"Your nickname is funny......."
I nodded.
"That all-carer? The one with the pretty girl?"
"That...... Yes."
"The one who couldn't get a single question right!"
"I got a question right, which is why I'm here."
Judge Heewon opened her mouth in a daze. She seemed to be organizing the situation in her head.
I added for reassurance.
"I'm in the same boat as you, and so is this ahjussi."
Dansoo ahjussi bowed slightly with a polite face.
Judge Heewon muttered in a trembling voice.
"I see, I'm not the only one......."
Judge Heewon looked at us with hollow eyes, as if she was going to burst into tears at any moment.
"I really thought I was going to die, but at least I remembered the first scenario."
"How did you clear it?"
"The usual, bugs are the law of the land."
Judging by the smugness in her voice, she had contributed to making a mess of the first scenario just like me.
"Actually, I almost died in the middle of the scenario when it was twisted up...... I got lucky. I was trapped with Heewon-nim."
She was trapped with Jung Heewon.......
As expected, it was thanks to Judge Heewon that Jung Heewon survived without killing anyone.
After taking a low breath, Judge Heewon said softly.
"Phew...... Anyway, if you're a reader too, you should have told me sooner. That was close."
"I've been trying to tell you all along, but you've been hiding and criticizing me."
"I didn't think someone would possessed Cheon Inho. Why Cheon Inho?"
Why am I Cheon Inho?
I wonder that too.
In any case, Judge Heewon seemed to have completely lost her animosity.
"First of all, let's introduce each other. I'm Cheon Inho, as you can see."
"I'm Lee Dansoo."
Hearing our names, Judge Heewon nodded in understanding.
"It's the rule to speak by your given name, like in TRPG?"
I started to say, but stopped.
Judge Heewon said her new nickname with a shy face.
"I'm Kyung Sein."
"Can I call you Judge Heewon?"
"You should call me Kyung Sein."
She's an adaptable person.
***
It was still the first day of the scenario, and there was a lot of work to do.
Dansoo ahjussi had a poor memory, but Kyung Sein was a voracious reader who remembered quite a lot.
"After all, it's a national rule to collect food first at Geumho Station."
I wonder who set that rule.
It's like we all got together and made a 'How to Deal with the Apocalypse in Omniscient Reader'.
Anyway, we decided to split up and rob vending machines and mini convenience stores.
Bang Cheolsoo and the Cheoldoo Group joined us.
About thirty minutes passed.
"Is this it? Have you checked all the convenience stores nearby?"
"Yes, this is it."
We had succeeded in collecting all the food in Geumho Station.
There are currently 134 people trapped inside Geumho Station.
It was only enough food for one day.
Kyung Sein asked.
"What should we do? Should we sell them for coins?"
"No, we'll just give them away."
I could have sold them for coins and made a small profit, as Kim Dokja did. But I didn't choose that option.
Kyung Sein agreed.
"Well, I don't think it's right to accept coins from those people. Kim Dokja was definitely not normal."
"Sein-ssi, please distribute it to the people over there. Cheolsoo, you go to the other side."
"Alright."
"Dansoo ahjussi, you can share with me."
As we distributed the food, I looked at the faces of the citizens one by one.
I didn't realize it when I wrote this scene.
The looks on the faces of people who had just killed someone to survived.
"Thank you."
The dead in the first scenario all had their heads explode. The pale faces of the dead now rested on the faces of the living.
"As some of you may already know, there are monsters roaming outside right now, and it's wise to stay safe here and wait for rescue."
"Do you really think rescue will come?"
"They will come."
Of course, the rescuers wouldn't come.
<!>[There are currently 48 people in Geumho Station who support you.]
<!>[Currently 35% of Geumho Station supports you.]
Not bad. At this rate, I should be able to capture Geumho Station in the next 30 minutes and complete the scenario.
<!>[The constellations of the 'absolute good' system are impressed by your dedication.]
<!>[100 coins have been sponsored.]
In addition, I have gained the favor of the constellations.
The project to rehabilitate Cheon Inho was progressing steadily.
<!>[The character 'Bang Cheolsoo' feels an unknown emotion.]
And maybe, Bang Cheolsoo.
"Cheolsoo hyung-nim. Are you doing well?"
"I don't know. Something's tickling me."
As they handed out the bread and snacks and they were thanked, the Cheoldoo Group looked somewhat reminiscent.
This is probably the first time they've ever heard anyone thank them.
I don't know how much of the story could have been changed by adding them a few extra sentences.
But sometimes, even if you can't change anything, there's something you want to write. Like a question you can't help but ask even though you know the answer.
"Have you seen a girl named No Jiyoon?"
Dansoo ahjussi, who was helping distribute food next to me, would ask people the same question over and over again.
"I don't know, what does she look like?"
"That...... All I know is her name."
Jiyoon is the name of his daughter.
Actually, I'm sure Dansoo ahjussi knows it. Even if he ask people for his daughter's name here, he won't find her. His daughter is probably living under a different name, possessing a completely different person.
Still, he didn't stop asking.
As if the name alone was proof, in this strange and unfamiliar world, that he was not Lee Dansoo, but someone's father.
I stared at him for a moment, then opened my phone.
A platform app popped up on the screen.
Surely I had once been the author of Omniscient Reader. But could I still call myself the author of that novel?
All I have left to prove that time is this.
+
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint - 567 chapters
—Author Lee Hakhyun
+
I stared blankly at the title of my novel.
I don't know how long I did that.
Suddenly, I got goosebumps on my spine.
What the hell?
I glared at the screen once more, specifically at the number of chapters.
Sure enough, the 'Omniscient Reader' I knew had been completed in chapter 551.
+
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint - 567 chapters
—Author Lee Hakhyun
+
There was 15 more chapters.

***

Author's Note
Thank you again today.
