<title>596 Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (2)
<!>['Gong Pildu's stigma 'Armed Zone Lv.5' begins!]
A full level 5 Armed Zone.
With Gong Pildu's cool artillery barrage, all the ground rats in front of him were silenced.
Dududududu!
The ground rats stepped on the corpses of their comrades and continued to push forward.
"We're being pushed! Watch out!"
Less than ten minutes later, the front row of the fort collapsed. As the ground rats squeezed in through the gap, several panicked people screamed and broke ranks.
"No! Keep your place! Don't run!"
One man was bitten on the arm and dragged forward like a fish on a hook.
"Uaaaagh!"
He reached out belatedly, but was sucked into the mischief of ground rats. The screams didn't last long.
Kyung Sein's shoulders shook slightly as he¹ stood in the front row.
<?>[1] Well, Singshong used "he" again so I'll use he/him pronouns when Hakhyun is talking about Kyung Sein in his mind or when they are with people that know about Kyung Sein of their original world.
"Inho-ssi."
She said, watching as someone else filled the dead man's place.
"Yes."
"To be honest, it didn't feel real until now."
There was blood spattered and screams everywhere.
People were still dying as we spoke. People who hadn't even been properly named.
"I couldn't believe it even when I saw people die after coming into the novel. In fact, I kept thinking maybe I was dreaming, and by the time I woke up, I would open my eyes again in my bed. That's what I thought."
Another person died, and another filled the void.
"But now I realize."
Kyung Sein said, shaking off a charging ground rat.
"I really don't want to die."
I thought I knew why he had suddenly changed his mind. Perhaps it was because things had changed.
"I want to survive...... I want to survive and I want to go back home."
It was because he had such hope that he could return to the original world.
<&>「Prevent its predestined destruction and develop a new story.」
"I'm going to break all the scenarios somehow and go home."
He stabbed a ground rat to death with a thorn after it crossed the line of fire.
Killing, killing, killing again.
I don't know how many he's already killed in that short time.
Catching his breath, Kyung Sein said.
"As soon as I get back, I'm going to turn on my computer. I'm going to write on the bulletin board. I'm going to brag about it. In fact, I was transmigrated into Omniscient Reader."
"......That's what you're going to do as soon as you get back?"
"That's where I saw Jung Heewon, I saw Cheon Inho, I met Yoo Joonghyuk. No one will believe me, but one day I'll definitely tell them."
While he was still trying to figure out what to say, the man in front of him died. He didn't hesitate to fill the void.
"And I'll definitely read Omniscient Reader's extras too. The author-nim said he was going to publish a series."
I smiled bitterly.
I might be the first one to turn on the computer when I get back.
"We're being pushed again! Molotov cocktails ready!"
As the second column of the fort began to gradually push back, Ye Hyunwoo gave the first signal.
Several men in the rear fished out empty soju bottles from their pockets.
"Throw them!"
At Ye Hyunwoo's command, Molotov cocktails flew through the air. Gasoline sprayed from the broken soju bottles and set the center of the platform ablaze.
Kieeee!
As the panicked ground rats scrambled around, Gong Pildu's shells rained down on them.
He had prepared Molotov cocktails in such a short time. Indeed, the 7th Apostle wasn't a joke.
"Don't be pushed back! It will take a long time to rebuild the [Armed Zone]!"
The core of this siege is Gong Pildu's [Armed Zone].
If the line collapsed further, [Armed Zone] would have to be dismantled, but the current power was not enough to fill the firepower gap.
As the ground rats slowed their advance, albeit slightly, the man guarding the front fort looked back and shouted.
"More Molotov cocktails! We'll push the line and burn them all to a crisp!"
Something burst through the man's stomach.
It was the horn of an 8th grade underground species, a groll.
"Keok, Keoheook! Kuaaaak!"
"P-pull it out! Quickly!"
"Elder Pildu! Help!"
"Everyone out of the way!"
Dududududu!
The groll, who had the man on its head, was shot and began to fly.
From the 8th grade species onwards, they were hardly knocked down by Gong Pildu's bullets.
A monster that needed at least four or five shots to fall.
There wasn't just one such monster. They were popping up all over the platform, racing toward the fort like heavy tanks.
To make matters worse, Gong Pildu's artillery stopped firing.
"Shit, I have to reload! Everyone, hold on for time!"
The line was about to collapse.
"Sein-ssi."
It was finally our turn to move forward.
"Yes!"
As Kyung Sein, who had the OP skill [Average Correction] and went all in on physique, held his fire with a cheer, Dansoo ahjussi sent a flurry of cockroaches over the groll's eyes.
Kuooo?
Jung Heewon's sword sliced through its back.
The groll's head snapped off.
As three or four grolls fell in quick succession, the reloaded bullets of Gong Pildu swept across the platform.
Dududududu!
The monsters in front of them were swept away by the firepower of the [mini turrets]. The people cheered.
"Those guys are pretty good, huh?"
"Everyone, protect Pildu hyung-nim!"
"We can do it. Hold on!"
The crisis had been averted for now, but the situation was far from optimistic.
Only thirty minutes had passed. Gong Pildu's face was already exhausted. He was running out of energy.
In Omniscient Reader, Kim Dokja gave him a large amount of Intermediate Magic Power Recovery Potion to replenish his magic power, but now.......
<!>[The constellation 'Defense Master' is making a worried face.]
A little more time passed, the number of ground rats getting back to their feet after being hit by shells begins to increase.
I wonder if I should open the 'dokkaebi bag' now.
"Kid."
Gong Pildu wiped the sweat from his forehead and called out to Ye Hyunwoo. Without a word, Ye Hyunwoo walked up behind Gong Pildu and stood with his hands clasped together, his small body enveloped in a brilliant blue light.
I immediately recognized the skill.
Instead of restricting one's movement, it speeds up the magic power recovery.
Immediately, I could feel the magic power boiling up from Ye Hyunwoo.
Uuuung.
At first glance, that's a lot of magic power, well over level 30.
That's a lot of magic power for just the third scenario.
It was clear that he had put aside all his strength, agility, and physique and went all in on magic power. It was a choice no one in their right mind would make.
"Here we go. Ahjussi."
The moment Ye Hyunwoo's small hand touched Gong Pildu's back, a faint string of magic formed between him and Gong Pildu.
It was the same way that Yoo Joonghyuk transferred his magic power to Kim Dokja when he fought the 'Disaster of Questions' Myung Ilsang in the original.
Soon, an abundance of magic power began to flow throughout Gong Pildu's Private Property.
The speed of the [mini turrets], which had been slowed down, returned.
Dududududu!
Ye Hyunwoo was now using himself as a 'magic power tank'.
"This is the fourth stage of the 'Armed Castellan at Home' Techtree."
After locking eyes with me, Ye Hyunwoo wiped the sweat from his brow and said in a confident voice.
"This is the 'Infinite Uroboros'."
A combination of high-level magic power, [Magic Power Recharge], [Magic Power Sharing], and [Armed Zone].
I was amazed at the precision of the mechanics, but I was also stunned that a human being could actually do this.
I'm sure Kim Dokja would have been just as surprised if he were here.
<!>[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is amazed.]
<!>[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' is aghast!]
<!>[The constellation 'Dragon Lying Down' nods in agreement.]
Lee Jihye, who was watching us from the back stairwell, whistled.
"Wow, that's awesome? I wish I had one like that."
As the firing rate of the [mini turrets] increased, the battle gained momentum.
Jung Heewon and Kyung Sein were enough to fight the occasional grolls, leaving the remaining hands free to rebuild the collapsed fort.
The men working on the new molotov cocktails muttered.
"This is better than I thought?"
"Yeah, if it goes like this, it'll be a smooth-"
No, wait.
<!>['Emergency Defense Battle' has entered a new phase.]
The message echoed in the air as if it had been waiting.
I wondered if the word 'smooth' should be filtered out from Omniscient Reader.
<!>[A new monster species has appeared in 'Emergency Defense Battle'!]
A message that never appeared in the original. In the first place, the Emergency Defense Battle is not a scenario that had different phases.
<!>[A 7th grade monster species has appeared!]
A huge shadow flickered from the railroad tracks. The sound of a subway car scraping across the ground. I could feel the ground shaking under my feet.
"What, what, what is that!"
It wasn't the subway that had emerged from the tunnel. It was a large monster, at least 15 meters long.
'Giant Centipede'.
At the sight of the hundreds of legs beneath its five-colored carapace, the men lost their fighting spirit and rushed toward Gong Pildu.
"Uaaaak! Crazy!"
"H-how are I supposed to catch that thing—"
It can be caught. Yoo Joonghyuk would be able to.
The only problem is, he's not here.
I glanced over and saw that Ye Hyunwoo's expression was also stony. It was natural to panic.
"Inho-ssi."
It must mean he was out of tricks.
I stepped forward.
"We'll take it from here."
"Do you have a plan?"
"We'll have to fight it head on and kill it, I guess."
"Like that? How?"
"I don't know...... By stabbing it?"
"I...... Inho-ssi. I don't know how many times you've read it, but that's not just a 7th grade monster species, it's a 'king'. It's a monster that even the 4th stage of my Invincible Castellan techtree can't handle. I'm telling you as someone who read it 50 times—"
I glanced to the side instead of answering. Jung Heewon, who had just decapitated a monster, was approaching.
"Heewon-ssi."
Wiping the blood from her ground rat knife, Jung Heewon nodded.
"Hide well, I can't protect you this time."
She tapped me on the shoulder and walked away.
Ye Hyunwoo, who was looking at her blankly, smiled bitterly.
"Jung Heewon, I know, she's the best in Kimcom in terms of combat power, but even she can't do it now—"
"Well, I also have a techtree that I've prepared."
"What?"
Actually, I didn't have anything.
But things don't always go well when you have something prepared.
It was the same when I was writing novels.
Sometimes the episodes I've written with ideas I had in the spur of the moment were way more interesting than the ones I've planned a hundred days in advance.
"Let's see."
Jung Heewon was such an 'idea' for me.
<!>[All of the constellations in the channel agree to the use of 'Hour of Judgment'.]
An 'idea' that came to me when I had given up on everything.
<!>[The character Jung Heewon has used 'Hour of Judgment'!]
Scattering dazzling brilliance, Jung Heewon rushed towards the centipede.
Looking at Jung Heewon like that, I thought to myself.
If this whole scenario were to end and I could return to reality.
<&>「Maybe I would be writing about this moment.」
That's when my phone rang.
<!>[A new chapter of 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been updated on the platform.]

***

Author's Note
The usual process of writing the author's note 2
Sing: What about ㅇㅇㅇㅇㅇㅇ(something cool)?
Shong: Ugh
Sing: Thank you.
