<title>602 Episode 10. Writer (3)
The author of Omniscient Reader.
At his words, the room erupted in confusion.
"Really?"
"No matter how you look at it, he's not Han Sooyoung......."
"Then he's the writer of our world line?"
Jung Heewon and Lee Jihye looked like they didn't know what he was talking about.
Lee Jihye asked.
"What are they talking about? Is he famous?"
"I'm going to look around for a while."
"Oh, I'll go with you, unni."
Jung Heewon glanced in my direction and walked away as if she wasn't interested, and Lee Jihye followed.
Come to think of it, there was such a description in Omniscient Reader.
<&>「"In fact, Sungkook and I tried to test some people by saying that this was a novel. But they didn't understand at all. It is like they're NPCs... No matter how serious I am, they just take it as a joke."」
When the prophets told the characters about 'Ways of Survival', they acted like they didn't understand.
Maybe that's why Jung Heewon and Lee Jihye aren't showing much interest right now.
Kyung Sein, who was watching, quickly came to my side.
"Is he really the writer?"
A man wearing a plausible white coat and carrying a sword that's supposedly 'Broken Faith'.
The white coat could have been picked up somewhere, and the sword could have been acquired quickly enough.
In other words, those items don't provide any guarantee that he's a writer.
But I wasn't convinced he was lying.
It's possible that I'm not the only writer that's been transmigrated. For example, he could be an 'Omniscient Reader's' writer from another world line.
Luckily, I had a way to verify that.
<!>[Using 'Readers' Comments List' in this person.]
At the next system window that popped up in front of me, I doubted my eyes.
Huh? Wait a minute.
This asshole........
While I was checking his information with [Readers' Comments List], Kyung Sein unexpectedly stepped forward.
"Writer-nim. I sent you an article on how to stretch, do you remember?"
Yes, he had sent me one of those.
The writer replied.
"That...... I don't remember all the messages either. It's only one message from you, but I have thousands of other messages to read."
It wasn't something I said that much, but if you send me something in a direct message, like how to do a stretch, I'll remember it.
I still do those stretches from time to time.
"I'm sorry I don't remember."
"D-don't worry."
Kyung Sein lowered her hand with a grimace.
The self-proclaimed writer added.
"But if I had known it was from such a beautiful woman, of course I would have remembered."
"Huh?"
Kyung Sein looked dumbfounded.
It gave me goosebumps in more ways than one. I should probably say something to save face,
"Are you really the writer?"
The cheolgon woman took the lead.
"How are you going to prove it? You don't have to be the writer to get something like 'Broken Faith'."
True. That's right.
"If you're really the writer, shouldn't you have at least created 'Unbroken Faith'?"
That's...... Not even the real writer could make it.
The asshole writer replied.
"Even if I'm the writer, I can't control every situation, which is why I didn't get the 'random item box'. Maybe one of you here used it."
Dansoo ahjussi and Kyung Sein glanced back at me at this logical statement.
"Wouldn't we be able to tell if we used [Lie Detection]?"
The person who said that was the one who shouted out 'has anyone read Omniscient Reader' earlier.
A few readers shook their heads.
"Oh, right. [Lie Detection]."
"But I wonder if anyone has that skill right now......."
Seeing as how no one else has stepped forward, I don't think there's an incarnation with [Lie Detection] here.
That said, Apostles like Killer King and Ye Hyunwoo were the exception.
Normally, no one would have gotten [Lie Detection] at this time.
But the writer signaled to the woman beside him.
She had a big hood drawn and her face covered with a mask.
<!>[Someone has used 'Lie Detection'.]
The message was heard by everyone.
There was a murmur of surprise.
The asshole writer opened his mouth.
"I'll prove it. I'm the one who wrote 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'."
<!>['Lie Detection' has confirmed that the statement is true.]
The readers were stunned.
"Is it true?"
"You're really the writer?"
Excited voices asked.
But some readers still didn't believe it.
This time, it was the cheolgon woman.
"Wait. Are you really the writer who wrote for 'Sirius' and 'Textia'? Say it one more time."
But even the cheolgon woman's tone had changed; she was flustered.
"That's right. Verify it again!"
"She just verified it. I think he's really the writer."
Even the readers began to disagree.
In the center of the debate, I saw the writer with a sour look on his face.
"I know you won't believe me no matter what I say. There's no point in me proving it over and over again."
He sighed softly and slowly looked around.
If nothing else, he was a good actor.
I wonder where they teach how to talk like a writer these days.
"I can promise you one thing, though: if you stick with me from now on, I'll take you to the end of the story, no matter what it takes."
<!>['Lie Detection' has confirmed that the statement is true.]
As if on cue, the asshole writer added.
"I have more complete information than anyone else about Omniscient Reader. If you will trust me, I will lead you down a path where there are no wrong answers."
There was a brief silence in the room.
Elevated, the readers looked at each other.
"He must be for real."
"Well, if it's [Lie Detection], I can believe it."
"Isn't that enough proof?"
"Wait, you believe that easily? [Lie Detection] isn't always accurateᅳ"
There were still a few voices of disbelief, including the cheolgon woman, but the tide was slowly turning in the writer's favor.
Perhaps it was time to step in.
"I'm curious, writer-nim."
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.6' is activated!]
At my words, the readers turned to look at me at the same time. No wonder. My Incite was now on level 6.
Even if I farted, everyone would stare at me.
"You're not even Han Sooyoung, do you really have 'perfect information' about this world?"
The readers suddenly had keen eyes as if they smelled a fart.
"Come to think of it—"
"Wasn't it a setting that you were just dictating what Han Sooyoung wrote about Omniscient Reader?"
The writer's complexion changed with the creeping public opinion.
I added as if I were letting go of the leash.
"Oh, but since you're the writer, you might know something we don't, for example....... the identity of 'RepresentativeKimDokja'."
The sound of someone breathing in quietly.
The writer replied.
"Unfortunately, I don't know that much either."
That's good. He can say he doesn't know something he doesn't know.
Because you can't prove it with [Lie Detection].
But he made one mistake.
"Hmmm. You don't know that either. You do know more about 'Omniscient Reader' than us, right?"
I could see the corner of the writer's mouth twitch.
"Of course."
"Well, then, do you mind if I quiz you on a few quick Omniscient Reader trivia questions that I'm sure you'll know?"
Slowly, his eyes moved upward.
He was probably looking at 'the manuscript' in his head.
"Sure."
"Okay, here's the first question. In 'Ways of Survival', Yoo Joonghyuk regresses 1,863 times. What does the number '1,863' symbolize?"
"What?"
For the first time, the guy's complexion changed.
"What do you mean symbol, that's......."
"You don't know?"
Of course you don't. Because I didn't either.
"Since you don't know, I'll give you the answer: 1,863 is the year that the world's first subway opened."
I heard a muffled laugh nearby.
Presumably, some of them had attended 'Kim Dokja's Banquet' that day.
The writer protested.
"How do you get a question like that right?"
"Well, if that was too hard for you, I'll give you a second, easier one: How many times does ⬛ appear in total in the entire 'Omniscient Reader'?"
The laughter around us intensified.
Finally, the writer's eyes narrowed.
"Are you trying to play a joke?"
That's right. I've been making fun of him so far.
It's the last question that counts.
"Was that too hard for you? Then I'll give you one last question, and if you get it right, I'll acknowledge you as the writer. It's a really easy one, and the answer appears in 'Omniscient Reader'."
"I hope it's a proper question."
"Okay, third question. The rest of you may know the answer, but you're not allowed to guess."
I glanced around at the readers, then said the final question.
"How many turns does it take for Yoo Joonghyuk to realize that if he uses the 'Absolute Throne' even once, he will not be able to reach the end of the scenarios?"
A few readers looked like they knew the answer.
It was a question that the hardcore readers would know.
It was also a question that the author of 'Omniscient Reader' would never know.
The writer replied with a wry smile.
"14 turns."
I clapped my hands.
"Wow, that's great."
"So now—"
"I heard you."
A small chattering sound.
The asshole writer frowned and said.
"What....... it's really the 14th turn. I didn't hear it. It's from chapter 72 of 'Omniscient Reader'."
"That's right, it's from chapter 72."
I continued with a low sigh.
"Or, to be more precise, it appears in the 'unrevised manuscript' of chapter 72."
I could see his expression slowly harden.
"That information was a typo, and there was even a correction notice posted later. Yoo Joonghyuk learns the secret of the 'Absolute Throne' in the 41st turn, not in the 14th turn."
The mood in the room quickly turned cold.
"I'm curious, why do you remember it as an 'unrevised manuscript' version, when you even wrote the revision notice yourself?"
The white-faced writer twitched his lips for the umpteenth time before opening his mouth.
"Well, that was......."
At this point, it no longer mattered if he was the writer or not.
Because the pompous 'writer' didn't know any more about 'Omniscient Reader' than the average reader.
As soon as I saw the look in his eyes, I knew what was coming.
"How can you believe that? There's no one here who remembers such information, who are you?"
"I."
Why do I remember it? I could tell them right now, very simply, but I didn't want to.
Because this is not a 'writer's' story.
"I've read Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint over a hundred times."
The writer smirked.
As if no human being could be so ridiculous, he signaled to the woman beside him.
And the next moment.
<!>['Lie Detection' has confirmed that the statement is true.]
Everyone opened their mouths in disbelief.
I opened my mouth to join in.
"You don't have any exclusive information, and even the information we've heard...... that makes me wonder."
I glanced at the readers, then at the writer, smirked, and asked.
"What the hell did you write?"

***

<!>[The 'Cinema Trip' will begin in 1 minute.]
While I was checking the equipment, a few readers came over to greet me.
"You were amazing earlier."
"Did you really read it over 100 times?"
I responded with only a light smile.
In the distance, I could see the writer's face glaring at me.
I remembered the information from the list I'd seen about him.
+
ID: tls456
Platform: Sirius, ??? (abnormal path)
Total Comments : 0, ??? (abnormal path)
Reader Level : 8, ??? (abnormal path)
Number of Reads: 1 time, ??? (abnormal path)
*This reader read 『Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint』 using as an abnormal path.
+
I know the content, but the platform, total comments, reader level, and number of reads are not displayed correctly.
Crucially, it even said that he took an 'abnormal path' to read 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'.
My conclusion is this.
<&>「That guy is from the Misreading Association.」
He wasn't even a normal member of the Misreading Association.
This is because what he said about being 'the one who wrote Omniscient Reader' was proven to be true through [Lie Detection].
In other words,
<!>[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' glares at you.]
He was the one who posted the 'written' text on the 'illegal site'.

***

Author's Note
You!

