<title>609 Episode 11 Artwork (4)
It was at the age of twenty-three that I made my debut in the literary world.
<&>「Announcement of the winners of the 24th Rookie of the Year Award. “The Origin of Memory.” Writer Lee Hakhyun.」
It wasn't because I had some great talent that I made my debut early.
Honestly, at that age, how much did a young man know and write?
A sentence like a half-dried squid that awkwardly mimics an established writer.
There were writers who valued such things highly, and that year, I was the only one who was fortunate enough to be evaluated.
My luck ended there, and after that I was quickly forgotten by the world.
"That's how he walked towards his origins. I like that sentence."
I thought it was forgotten.
Until this person showed up.
"I also liked the works after that. [Origin of Faith], [Origin of Falsehood] ...The Origins Trilogy."
"How do you know these novels which are not well known?"
Exactly three.
Someone who has read all the stories I wrote.
It was so surprising that such a reader existed in the world.
"There were always out-of-season literary magazines among the books donated to the nursery school."
Nursery school.
At that word that came out naturally, I secretly inhaled.
"I asked my brother to read any novel in the library, and the first novel I heard was the one published in a literary magazine."
"I see."
"Have you read that novel?"
I nodded and replied.
"It's a story in which the protagonist lies about his childhood."
"That's the highlight."
"Because I can't tell you everything."
If I talked about it all here, all the constellations listening to it would fall asleep.
<!>[The constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', snores, asking what the hell you are talking about.]
<!>[A Constellation that has not yet revealed their modifier is disciplined to listen to the story.]
Of course, there are constellations with maniac tastes.
After thinking about it for a while, I added a bit of flesh to the story for the maniac constellations.
"[Origin of Memories] is the story of a writer who fabricates his 'childhood' to sell books and give lectures. Can this be an explanation?"
It was the first time I was talking about my debut work to other people, so I felt a bit strange.
Literature Girl 64 said as if she was working hard.
"Tell me about the rest."
I don't know why you're asking me to tell you about a story you've already read, but I continued the story for now.
"Eventually, the main character's fraud is exposed to his alumni and exposed on the Internet."
"That's right. I found the main character's reaction interesting in that part. No one is harmed because I had a past like that. Everyone has the right to have their own story."
I replied in admiration.
"You remember the lines exactly."
"It was also interesting that the main character’s lie at the end was actually true."
"I remember that part was handled a little vaguely."
"It is not ambiguous. It turns out that the alumni who exposed the main character on the Internet actually mistook the main character for an odd person. Since only the main character remembers the story that no one remembers, pray for the origin of memory and the only person who deserves it is the main character."
As I listened to her clear impressions, I remembered the days when I had been writing that novel for a long time.
A time when I was always empty somewhere, wondering where I came from and what I exist for.
There was a time when I wrote sentences to know that.
"After that, the basic tone of the works was similar. They always dealt with the story of 'false' or 'origin', and that was interesting. It would have been nice if the writer continued to write.
I kept writing.
Literature Girl 64 who had been thinking about something for a while continued.
"I read all the webnovels novels written by that writer."
“A webnovel?”
"My brother was very bothered to read it to me… Later, he also read hard."
"That. A web novel."
"The Orc Philosopher."
The moment the title of my first failed webnovel flowed out of her mouth, I wondered if all of this was an illusion created by my paranoia.
"Now that I think about it, I think the author wrote it without knowing what a webnovel was."
There can be no hallucination that makes such an accurate assessment.
"『Infinite Prisoner』. This metaphor was a bit simplistic, but still…"
It felt like someone was cutting my neck and attaching it over and over again.
"The Magician of the Undying World. I trained hard in anticipation that the world's aspirations would come, but no matter how long I waited, the world would not perish, so I became a wizard who went to destroy the world myself… "
"…"
"And again…"
Literature Girl continued to appreciate the novels I wrote.
Sometimes I stop talking and choose my words
『Method Master』, 『System Breaker』…
I wonder if Kim Dokja felt this way after revealing his secret taste to his colleagues.
"How to Become a Star Writer…"
When even the title, which I had momentarily erased from my memory, popped up, I almost fainted.
"There was a part that felt like an experience story, but I liked it. I knew it would get a license in the end."
Surprisingly, most of my previous works were given good reviews.
Except for one piece.
"Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint... wasn't it?"
Why did I ask such a question?
I do not know.
Maybe I've been waiting for the moment to ask someone this question all along.
"Rather than not."
Literature Girl 64 chose her words seriously for about 20 seconds and continued.
"The novel didn't seem like it was written by the author."
I listened to her with my mouth closed.
"In all other works, I felt the author vividly, but only in that work, I felt like the author was just a spectator of the story."
In one moment, too many thoughts rushed in and out.
Only then did I realize that I had been preparing for this moment all along.
<&>「As expected, this story is not written by me.」
It's just what I've been waiting for.
To hear the fact that I already knew from someone else's mouth.
I asked, hiding my discouragement.
"You must have been disappointed."
"I am not disappointed."
Literature Girl 64 said without any change in expression.
"It's just that my brother liked that story better, and I liked the other stories written by the author better. That's all."
"And then, my brother said that. Maybe the writer possessed this world like us."
Hearing those words spoken carelessly, I was taken aback and laughed nonchalantly.
"Maybe."
"I wish the author were still alive."
The long 30 minutes were already coming to an end. Looking up at the watch in the air, she concluded her words.
"I have to ask when he’s going to write the next story."
Maybe that expression right now is the highlight of this scenario. It's been a while, but I thought so.
***
<!>[Entered the 7th floor]
We continued to climb up the cinema, watching our steps.
An hour passed by while I was going through this and that. The dungeon must be cleared within the remaining hour. Otherwise, Killer King will be in danger.
Judging by the atmosphere, it seemed that the fight on the rooftop hadn't been decided yet. How far had I moved past the torn posters?
We finally arrived at the door to the 8th floor - Sky Garden.
However.
"Uh?"
The exit to the place was blocked.
The exit was covered with pure white crystals, but I quickly realized what it was.
<!>[Steelization.]
It was clearly a trace of [steelization].
Lee Hyunsung himself, or someone who borrowed Lee Hyunsung's skill blocked the door.
Judging by the degree of crystallization, [steelization] is in its very early stage. It was also thin.
Literature Girl 64 activated [White and Blue River] and knocked on the door as a test.
Kaga!
Even so, it was [White and Blue River], but she could only get a tiny blush.
Even in the early stages, the intensity of [White and Blue River] is extraordinary.
"There is a way."
Literature Girl 64 said in a calm voice.
"But I can't do it alone."
I wondered what that might mean. I don't think it will break if you knock it together.
"Are you good at games?"
Ah.
<!>[Incarnation, 'Lee Seyeon', activates the 'Battle Action Mode'!]
Did you mean that?
<!>[Incarnation, 'Lee Seyeon', temporarily transfers the 'Command Controller' to you.]
Soon after, a coin slot appeared in front of me. When I put in 300 coins, a controller with the same shape as Killer King used was implemented in front of me.
<!>['Command Control' is activated.]
I gently put down Jung Heewon, who was not there, and held the controller in my hand.
"I don’t have confidence… Can I do the same as Killer King did?"
Literature Girl 64 shook her head.
"If you're that strong, you'll have to use a special move."
Literature Girl 64 gave me the command of the technique and added.
"My brother also practiced several times, but failed."
I could understand why he failed just by listening to the command. The timing was also difficult, but the command was too complicated.
"Did you memorize it?"
"Roughly."
"Not roughly. If you do it wrong, your qi and blood will be distorted and you will die."
She made something terrifying sound natural.
"Can I practice alone?"
"I’ll give you three minutes."
After saying that, Literature Girl 64 raised her cross-legged position and closed her eyes. She seemed to be concentrating her body's mana.
I sighed lightly and looked down at the controller.
Am I good at games?
I don't know. I think it's about average though. In terms of online game tier... I guess it's about gold.
Yes, I know. Of course it won't be that much.
Killer King had high-level control skills. There is no way I can succeed with a technique that even such Killer King couldn't succeed.
But.
<&>「I know someone who can do that.」
Literature Girl 64 woke up and asked.
"Did you memorize everything?"
"I memorized it."
"Then let's begin."
The command was memorized.
The problem is the timing, and not making mistakes.
Literature Girl 64 took a preliminary action. She could feel the quiet energy gathering in her right fist.
I focused on the flow of the magical power she radiated, and memorized the deadly command.
<&>「From now on, I am.」
I imagined.
<!>[Exclusive skill, ‘Incite Lv.6’, is activated!]
A person who is better at games than anyone I know.
<&>「I am pro gamer Yoo Joonghyuk.」
At that moment, in my head, a new world was opened. The world changed like a simulation, and the flow of time slowed down slightly.
<!>[Your imagination is activated to the limit.]
As if peeping into the future, all the variables around me came into view at a glance.
Of course, it's not as good as real pro gamer Yoo Joonghyuk, but am I still good enough to imitate him?
The flow that dwells in her fist, and the place where her fist is headed. And from the point of impact to the release of exploding magical power.
I was able to get a zoom, and I was able to get a flower.
Literature Girl 64's fist moved. Swirling white-blue magic power. Her regime, penetrating space like a flash war, exploded at the center of the door.
I didn't ask for the name of the skill, but I thought I knew what the King might have called it.
<&>「White Blue Fist.」
Obviously, that would be the name.
In the roar, crystals of ironization were seen shattering.
Through the broken door, the scenery of the rooftop was peeped out.
<!>[The special move command has been successfully activated!]
<!>[The battle action mode is canceled.]
<!>[Review: 92 connection points! Are you a pro gamer hiding your powers?]
Along with the message I heard, Literature Girl 64 grabbed my shoulder.
"Wait."
The moment I saw her pale complexion, I knew what was going on.
The technique succeeded, but her spirit and blood were twisted. Maybe it’s because I wasn’t really 'Pro Gamer Yoo Joonghyuk'.
"It's okay if I rest. But from now on, it's hard to help."
She took a deep breath and looked at me.
<!>[Incarnation, ‘Lee Seyeon', has activated the skill 'Vision transfer Lv.1'.]
Vision transmission.
A skill that allows you to learn one S-rank or lower skill from someone else, just once.
"I was originally going to give it to my brother. I think you'd better take it."
<!>[You received the skill from Incarnation: Lee Seyeon.]
"Save my brother."
"Wait a minute. This is–"
I hurriedly grabbed Literature Girl 64. She had already passed out.
I laid her on the ground, then slowly turned toward the door.
Beyond the broken door, I could feel the waves of unusual tales. My limbs were tingling, and my backbone was aching.
As when writing the first sentence on a blank sheet of paper, deep fear and anticipation rushed at the same time.
I knew it instinctively even before '□□' was activated.
<&>「I could die on the other side of that door.」
My fingertips felt warm. I remembered the skills, items, and sentences I had before the warmth disappeared.
<&>「Although knowing the truth, Lee Hakhyun moved forward.」
That was the only sentence I could write now.
I took one big step and entered the roof.
<!>[You have entered the 'Sky Garden' on the 8th floor.]
The eighth floor was exactly the same scenery as described in the main part of the book.
A small dome reminiscent of an opera house surrounded by an opaque dome.
<&>「What I saw as soon as I stepped onto the rooftop covered with green grass was the back of the regressor I had been looking for.」
"Yoo Joonghyuk?"
Unbeknownst to me, my steps quickened.
Yoo Joonghyuk of the 41st round.
The main character who hunted a 7th-class monster at the beginning and even surpassed a narrative-grade constellation in the previous round.
That Yoo Joonghyuk was stiff like a mannequin.
Yoo Joonghyuk’s pupils, as if sunk in a deep abyss, passed out. I realized the moment I saw the bloodless lips.
<&>「Yoo Joonghyuk lost.」
When I put my hand to the tip of his nose, his breath was stuck. No major injuries were seen. It is a injury that he suffered from a mental skill.
Tsutsutsutsu...
Sparks were popping up everywhere.
I looked around the edge of the “sky garden.”
As expected, the owner of this “Theater Dungeon” was sitting there.
<!>['Theater Owner Simulation' has appeared.]
The theater’s dungeon boss specialized in mental skills.
But something was strange.
Yoo Joonghyuk is weak against mental attacks, but if he came around the 41st round, he wouldn't be weak against the theater’s dungeon boss.
When I looked closely, the theater owner sitting on the bench also looked like a broken toy.
Story. Story. Story. Story.
Like an old movie projector, the Theater Owner’s mouth rattled.
Looking closely, in the backlight, someone was holding his head.
Their shadow permeated like deeply pressed type.
I completely moved my gaze following the shadow.
A feast of power that oppresses the surroundings.
I didn't have the confidence to face the owner of the shadow.
<&>「Some books are overwhelming before you even open them.」
I bit my lip as hard as I could. I slowly raised my head. I have already come this far. If you don't open the book, the story won't begin. I barely lifted my head amidst the pressure, and there was the first sentence.
"Are you here already?"
Her tone was lofty, as if she had no interest in the story of this world.
"I looked down on it because it was only the 41st round. It’s pretty good."
Through the flickering backlight, there was the face of a person I had imagined for a long time.
<&>「She is the author who wrote all the sentences of this world.」
I called the author's name.
"Han Sooyoung."
