<title>618 Episode 13 King (2)
Are you Kim Dokja?
I repeated Ye Hyunwoo's question in my mind.
Well, it wouldn't have been hard to notice if it was someone as smart as Ye Hyunwoo.
Ye Hyunwoo probably thought the following.
<&>「There is a possibility that another incarnation pretended to be Kim Dokja. In other words, in the same way as RepresentativeKimDokja.」
Ye Hyunwoo pointed me out as the culprit.
"I'm not sure what you mean."
I shrugged. Just in case, I was preparing [Incite] at any time, but unexpectedly, Ye  Hyunwoo  did not use [Lie Detection].
"Is that so."
Rather, he merely nodded his head with a calm face.
At the moment when I was wondering about the laxity that was not like Ye Hyunwoo, I heard a creak from inside the bathroom.
"Look at that, I didn't say that."
With a familiar voice, a man with a golden pole appeared. Almost at the same time, the door to the next compartment opened, and the iron woman also poked her head out.
"It's strange. I said that he was my direct attendant."
I feel like I hear that intuition every time.
"What are you talking about? I'm the one who guessed that the Sneaky Schemer is Yoo Jonghyuk from another regression.
"At first, you said it was Kim Dokja of the future. Do you think I forgot you subtly changed it?"
The two people conversing are readers who cleared the theater dungeon with me.
The old man with a smoking pipe and the iron woman.
According to my memory, the old man with a smoking pipe read the entire ORV 6 times, and the lady Cheolgon read it 8 times.
Ye Hyunwoo said with a smile as if he was in trouble.
"I'm sorry. The two said they wanted to see Inho-ssi separately, so the old man with a smoking pipe held out his hand first, as if he had been waiting."
"Nice to meet you. My name is Kim Kyungsik. Do you remember I sent you a message before?"
"I remember, but you spoke differently then."
This old man sent me a message from the theater dungeon lobby.
Apparently, he used honorifics at the time.
To my words, Kim Kyung-shik scratched the back of his head and added.
"Ah, I’m an old man here, so I’m talking like an old man."
Something doesn't seem normal.
Lady Cheolgon, who pushed Kim Kyungshik away, also introduced herself.
"I'm Goo Seonah. Of course, it's not my real name, but the name I'm using here."
A simple self-introduction. She was someone who somehow reminded me of Jung Heewon.
"Nice to meet you. I'm Cheon Inho."
"Cheon Inho? Wow, that mangcat has become so strong?"
Damn man.
Goo Seonah let out a light sigh, and she said.
"As expected, I should have recruited you in 
the theater, but it's a pity. You were the only one of us to make it to the rooftop, right?"
"I did, but I didn't catch the boss."
"Who caught the boss? You? Kim Dokja you said you saw? Or..."
"Well, I passed out right away so I couldn’t see it well."
"Really? You're not lying?"
Perhaps showing signs of being persistent, Ye Hyunwoo intervened with good timing.
"Seonah-ssi, don't make things too difficult for Inho-ssi. I'm not the kind of person who would lie."
"Please understand Inho-ssi. This guy is so naughty…"
Goo Seonah frowned and said.
"No, I said I asked something great. It is possible to share information with the same Apostolic Society, right?"
Same apostolic society.
Apparently, these two, like Ye Hyunwoo, were also members of the 'Seven Apostles'.
Anyway, I also suddenly became a member of the apostolic society. At first, I put Dohee's secret phrase on Ye Hyunwoo, so now I can't say no.
Ye Hyunwoo sighed lightly and said.
"Sharing information is good, but that's not what brought you all here in advance."
After all, even if you get off the Chungmuro platform, you can say hello as much as you like.
The reason why this place was created in advance must be that there is another intention.
"Is the next scenario delayed?"
"Eh. That's right."
I thought so.
Ye Hyunwoo looked back at me, Kim Kyungsik, and Goo Seonah and asked.
"Everyone should know the contents of the fourth scenario."
"Isn't it capture the flag?"
If a cataclysm did not occur in the main scenario, the contents of the next scenario were fixed.
'Capture the Flag'.
The prelude to a full-fledged group competition leading to a war to steal each other's stations and flags at each subway station in Seoul.
Ye Hyunwoo opened his mouth again.
"Those who are sitting here now are the strongest readers in the Chungmuro area."
I looked at Kim Kyungshik and Goo Seonah once again. 
Both of them were hiding their powers, but at first glance, they seemed to have higher overall abilities than Dansu-ahjussi or Kyung Sein.
Goo Seonah asked.
"There must be some incarnations who are stronger than us, right?"
"As you know, in this world intelligence is also part of combat power."
"Are you looking at the long term?"
"You're right."
Readers right now rather than the characters. Even if they were weak, in the end, they had no choice but to become stronger by overeating their talent.
In addition, they survived until the third scenario and their ability to survive was verified.
Among them, the four with the most powerful abilities.
"Let's choose a representative among us?"
At Goo Seonah’s words, Ye Hyunwoo nodded his head.
"Yes. Exactly."
The reason why they brought up this story in a place where there are no characters.
"I will elect a king."
Ye Hyunwoo was thinking of electing the leader of the readers now.
***
To begin with, we have not been able to reach an amicable agreement. There were many reasons, but Goo Seonah's answer was the most effective.
"You know that when you become a representative, you can force other members, right?"
"I do."
"Even if it's the same Apostolic Society, it's a little uncomfortable to entrust someone else to be the representative. To be honest, we don't know each other well, do we? We're not enemies, but we're not trusting each other and entrusting our lives to each other."
Even if I ask other readers, it seemed that they would give a similar answer as Goo Seonah.
To sum it up, it feels like this.
I want to be the representative.
"We just compete fairly, right? As long as we don’t harm each other, if we become the representative of the role in any way, we should recognize that person…"
Surprisingly, Ye Hyunwoo obediently understood the words, and we descended to the platform in heavy silence.
It's already such a war of nerves. I'm sure the fourth scenario won't be easy.
Around the time I put the platform in front of my eyes, Ye Hyunwoo, who was walking side by side with me, spoke to me in a low voice.
"Inho-ssi."
"Yes."
"You said you weren’t Kim Dokja earlier."
Suddenly, I wanted to say something, but Ye Hyunwoo was smiling incomprehensibly.
"I hope you're not Kim Dokja."
My heart sank coldly.
As expected, Ye Hyunwoo seemed almost convinced that it was me who appeared on the roof.
I replied with a cheeky smile.
"Of course. I'm definitely not Kim Dokja."
Ye Hyunwoo looked at me like that and said.
"You sound like the real Kim Dokja.
"Ah, I’m Cheon Inho. I’m too villainous to be the main character."
"That's right. You have to do that in the future. Otherwise... I'm going to be in trouble too."
Getting into trouble?
I was about to ask what that meant again, but I met eyes with Literature Girl 64, who was carrying the meat from a few steps away.
"Ah."
She looked at me with her characteristic cool gaze, and she asked.
"Are you not hurt?"
Literary girl 64.
The reader who read my novel, Lee Hakhyun's short story.
Looking at her with traces of her sword smeared all over her cheek with the traces of her arduous battle, it seemed like I could understand why Han Sooyoung was so looking for Kim Dokja.
If Literature Girl 64 is in danger, I will save her at all costs.
Because she was proof that I once survived as 'Lee Hakhyun'.
"Thanks. How is Killer King?"
"Seeing him talking in his sleep, I think he'll wake up soon. More than that... the atmosphere has changed a bit."
"Yes?"
Literary Girl 64, who had been looking at my face for a long time, shook her head and passed by.
"Is it an illusion?"
What has changed?
Maybe my face is a little handsome?
I looked into my face on the subway screen door.
Suddenly, my head throbbed, and strange memories came to my mind.
<&>「When I take selfies in the bathroom sometimes, I don’t think I have an ugly face…」
What?
That wasn't the sentence I was thinking of.
I stood blankly in front of the screen door and groped for my face. It was clearly the usual narrow-eyed Cheon Inho.
However… Do I really think he’s a little handsome? Is it because of the mood?
"I heard that the scenario will come out soon?"
As I passed by, I heard the voices of the incarnations talking.
"What scenario?"
"They’re going to pick a station representative."
Rumors about the scenario seemed to have spread.
<!>[20 minutes left until the start of the main scenario.]
As soon as he returned to Chungmuro Station, Ye Hyunwoo called people to the center of the platform.
About 100 people survived at Chungmuro Station.
I checked the number of 'readers' who survived by using [reader's comment list] one by one on all of them.
A total of twelve readers remained.
The number is much smaller than what we saw in the lobby of the Theater Dungeon.
There was no need to ask what would have happened to readers who were not here.
"Inho-ssi."
Kyung Sein and Dansu-ssi also had a sad face, probably noticing the fact.
"Do not worry. It will be fine."
What is okay?
If I die here, I will become kkoma Kim Dokja, so is it okay to be taken as the head of the bureau by RepresentativeKimDokja?
You two will support me no matter what.
I didn't even know what I was talking about, I thought while holding the shoulders of the two of them.
I will definitely protect these people no matter what.
"We will start an emergency meeting from now on."
Ye Hyunwoo immediately proceeded with the story. The content itself was straightforward.
"Until now, everyone had a lot of trouble completing the scenario. In the future, we will enter into a full-fledged collective survival. And for that, it is first necessary to determine the representative of this district."
Ye Hyunwoo, who continued to speak with dazzling eloquence, took a moment to catch his breath, looked around him, and suddenly changed the tone of his voice.
"But before we talk about it in earnest, I have something to confess to you all."
I realized who he was looking at. He was looking at the 'readers'.
<!>[Incarnation 'Ye Hyunwoo' activates 'Lie Detection'.]
"I am an apostle."
Some readers caught their breath at the unexpected declaration.
But most of the incarnations who don't know what apostle means has a puzzled face.
"What?"
"I mean I know the future of this world."
<!>['Lie Detection' confirms that the statement is true.]
The sudden remark made the leader silent for an instant.
"Uh, what does that mean?"
"Do you know the future?"
Ye Hyunwoo replied.
"Those of you who have been with me since the beginning of the scenarios will know how I did it."
Some incarnations shook their heads. All of them were members of the building owners association who had been through the Chungmuro Station scenario with Ye Hyunwoo.
"Certainly, Hyunwoo was special. As soon as the scenario started, he also caught bugs."
"That's right. Even in the second scenario, if Hyunwoo wasn't there, everyone would have died. Isn't that right, elder?"
Then Gong Pildu, who was petting Max at the center of the platform, spoke.
"Hyunwoo did a great job. He certainly knows information about the future."
People looked at each other and whispered. How on earth does that boy know the future, what the hell is an apostle, and so on.
It was exactly the confusion Ye Hyunwoo intended.
Ye Hyunwoo gave a calm voice to the people who were embarrassed.
"The reason I know the future is simple. I read the 'Revelation'."
"The Revelation?"
"The Book of Revelation is a book that contains the story of this world."
<!>[Lie Detection confirms that statement is true.]
As if dismissing people's confusion, Ye Hyunwoo went all the way to the heart of the platform.
"I've been thinking for a long time whether or not I should share this information. But I guess I should clarify now."
I noticed Ye Hyunwoo design.
Now, this world is the 41st turn of 'Ways of Survival'.
This was a completely different world from the 'Omniscient Reader' we know.
The world was twisted because of the readers, and some scenarios were twisted at the cost of the twist.
It was more difficult than the 3rd round.
That's why Ye Hyunwoo thought.
<&>「I can no longer watch innocent people die.」
He decided to recreate the method used by the villains and prophets.
"I will share all the information I know of 'The Book of Revelation' and save all of you. I will definitely protect it no matter what."
<!>[Lie Detection confirms that the statement is true.]
Revealing the existence of the 'Apostles' to the world and informing the world of the existence of the Book of Revelation.
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is shocked by the existence of the Book of Revelation.]
<!>[The constellation 'the two-legged expert' doubts that there really is such a record.]
<!>[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' feels heavy.]
<!>[The constellation 'King Heulmu' makes an interested expression.]
<!>[The constellation 'The Last Hero of Hwangsanbeol' says that something has come.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' informs the <Star Stream> of this fact.]
<!>[The Bureau begins discussing the Probability Fit Decision.]
With this, the constellations that have lost interest and chattered about now will become interested in the story of this peninsula again.
With this, this world will be a little closer to the 『Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint』 we know.
"Let me introduce myself again. My name is Ye Hyunwoo. I am a person who has read the 'Revelation' 50 times and remembers almost everything in the 'Revelation'."
And in this new 『Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint』’s world, the role Ye Hyunwoo wanted was clear.
<!>[The 'representative election' will begin in one minute.]
Ye Hyunwoo was looking at me from afar.
I hope you are still not Kim Dokja.
Now I understand why he said that.
"I want to be the representative of Chungmuro Station."
Now he is trying to become the Kim Dokja of this world.
