<title>620 Episode 13 King (4)
"Inho-ssi, please tell me. Are you the 'first apostle'?"
There were a total of two of the 'seven apostles' that I had seen so far.
2nd Apostle Killer King who finished reading ORV 100 times.
7th Ye Hyunwoo who finished it reading 50 times.
Killer King showed tremendous growth with his sister, Literature Girl 64, and signed a contract with the great warrior 'Jophiel', and Ye Hyunwoo quickly conquered Chungmuro Station by using Gong Pildu.
These two are also at this level, but what kind of person is the first apostle?
Looking at the expressions of Ye Hyunwoo and the apostles, they seemed to have no idea who the '1st apostle' was.
A person who has read the novel at least 100 times and created a huge community called '7 Apostles'.
Who has been reading this story with readers from places I don't know.
At first glance, someone's face came to mind, but I shook my head.
No way. No, that person.
How did they accept my silence? The apostles who exchanged glances in the meantime began to express their own opinions.
It was Ye Hyeonwoo who lit the fire first.
"Even if… even if you say you are the 'First Apostle', I can’t give in just this time. In the first place, the Apostolic Society is not a ranking system."
Goo Seonah frowned and said.
"Hey, earlier you said to decide the representative based on the number of readings, though?"
"I didn't say that."
"Huh? Stop. As soon as you hold the flag, we will attack."
Goo Seonah holding an iron club and Kim Gyeongsik holding a smoking pipe approached the flag.
A distance that everyone can reach in one step if they set their minds to it.
In the fiercely heated atmosphere, Ye Hyunwoo sighed.
"In the end, let's decide by force."
The atmosphere is on the verge of an immediate battle.
But why?
Even in the suffocating confrontation at the risk of each other's lives, Yeh Hyunwoo, Goo Seonah, and Kim Kyungsik seemed strangely excited.
It wasn't just them.
Kyung Sein and other readers were also making the same faces.
It wasn't hard to figure out why.
<!>[Many constellations are looking forward to a bloody battle in Chungmuro Station!]
<!>[Some constellations start betting coins!]
<!>[A very small number of constellations declare that they will sponsor 1,000 coins to incarnations who refrain from serving as Chungmuro’s representative.]
It is because the constellations began to take an interest in this place.
So far, the constellations have not properly understood the story of Chungmuro Station.
An important theater dungeon: the relay of the battle was canceled due to a 'probability aftermath', and as readers talked about information related to 'Omniscient Reader' without even trying, all the constellations had to listen to the conversation intertwined with filtering.
The constellations must have been similar, as few readers would be interested in a story they couldn't quite understand.
"It was like that a little while ago."
Now readers were fighting with each other, but at the same time they were collaborating.
With the word 'Revelation' as the cornerstone, the readers visualized the fight in this world in earnest.
<!>[The constellation 'Lord of Mischief' says that he finally understands what they’re talking about.]
<!>[The constellation 'Great King Heungmu' wonders where 'The Book of Revelation' came from.]
<!>[The constellation 'Rice cake-eating Tiger' says he has a clue.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' says to talk.]
To create a narrative for the constellations, using as much unfiltered terms as possible.
Claiming to be an apostle by himself, making his existence known to the whole world, and arousing interest from the <Star Stream>.
<!>[A very small number of constellations announce the outbreak of the 'Apostle War'.]
At the center of this edition, created by the power of pure readers, even I was a little thrilled.
<&>「This was a story they hadn't read yet.」
A new stage of the original work, created by readers, but everyone here knew this was a play, but in the end everything on the stage becomes reality.
"Inho-ssi."
I nodded at the voice of Dansu ahjussi.
"I know."
If this is the case, people will die.
Goo Seonah's bar appeared, and white smoke rose from Kim Kyungsik's smoke pipe.
Ye Hyunwoo, whose expression hardened, slowly raised his right hand.
It wasn't just them.
Other incarnations were also stealthily reaching for weapons.
<!>[Some constellations avow the danger of 'apostles'.]
<!>[A handful of constellations watch the bloody battle in Chungmuro Station.]
<!>[A very small number of constellations want them to destroy themselves by fighting each other.]
The stars watching this story now wished for their destruction.
Just as readers once watched these stories, so now the constellations watch their stories.
Still, I wasn't worried.
Because there was something to believe.
"All ready for battle."
With Goo Seonah's declaration, nearby incarnations grabbed their weapons at once.
An imminent situation in which a battle seems to be about to break out at any moment
A roar erupted from one corner of the station, accompanied by the sound of something exploding.
<&>「He’s here.」
I thought he would come by now.
There's no way he, not another guy, will ignore this important scenario.
"Everyone back off!"
The moment Gong Pildu, surprised, jumped up from his seat, a man in a black coat appeared.
I smiled and looked at the owner of that coat. However.
"How dare you choose the 'representative'?"
There was something strange about the way he spoke.
"It's because you didn't invite Killer King to a place like this."
A sloppy black coat blew in the wind.
Judging by his energetic expression, it seemed that the wounds he had sustained in the Theater Dungeon had completely recovered.
Kyung Sein, who was very excited about the appearance of the new face, whispered.
"Inho-ssi, were you waiting for the 2nd apostle?"
I shook my head.
Killer King ambled through the crowd, then slowed briefly as he passed me.
"Thanks to you, I lived. I will pay off the debt."
Killer King lightly put his hand on my shoulder. At first glance, you'd think it was the real Yoo Jonghyuk.
Behind Killer King, I could see Literature Girl 64 sighing while holding her forehead.
Literature Girl 64, who found me, asked.
"Are you okay?"
"That's what I want to ask."
"It's okay if it's my brother."
Killer King is strong.
But no matter how strong Killer King is, will he be able to deal with Ye Hyunwoo, who has joined Gong Pildu?
"Shut up, Killer King."
Ye Hyunwoo warned Killer King, who was approaching without hesitation.
"What if I don't like it?"
"I’ll shoot."
"Then shoot."
Killer King smiled and added.
"You were talking about the number of readings before, but try talking again."
Ye Hyunwoo bit his lip at Killer King’s provocation.
If you think about it, Ye Hyunwoo felt like he was holding Killer King in check from the first time he met him.
"You don’t deserve to be here. You only played solo from the beginning. A guy who has never saved a person will shamelessly represent us?"
"I also saved someone. Do you think it would have been possible to clear the scenario  if I hadn't gone up to the 'theater dungeon'?"
"It's not like you cleared it."
"Thanks to me, one guy went up to the roof, so it's the same as if I cleared it."
"What nonsense-"
"If I can't do it, then you and the other apostles are not qualified. And Chungmuro Station should have a fixed owner, so why are you greedy?"
The original owner of Chungmuro Station.
Needless to say, he was referring to 'Kim Dokja'.
Ye Hyunwoo shook his head and said.
"There is no Kim Dokja here. I heard that he was found on the roof, so I searched for him, but I couldn't find him no matter how much I searched. Now, one of us has to become 'representative'."
"There is no Kim Dokja..."
Killer King looked at me for a moment and then turned his head.
"Then I guess I should be the representative."
"Ahjussi, Armed Zone."
<!>[Incarnation 'Gong Pildu''s 'Holy Spirit Armed Zone Lv.6' is activated!]
Gong  Pildu's stigma [Armed Zone] does not activate without [Private Land].
In other words, in preparation for this battle, Ye Hyunwoo said that he had made the area into a [private land] in advance.
Killer King laughed coldly.
"Hyunwoo-yah, can you handle it?"
Unusual magic flowed from Killer King's body. Just by checking the amount of magic power, I was able to detect a change in Killer King.
He’s got a chance.
On the 4th floor of the 'Theatre Dungeon', Killer King fought against the 6th grade Earth Dragon on behalf of me and Literature Girl 64.
When we found the stunned Killer King again, it was after the wyrm that was attacking him had disappeared somewhere.
It was unknown whether Killer King had defeated the Earth Dragon or not. What is certain, however, is that he has grown even further there.
A red aura rose from Killer King's body, which was blessed by Jophiel.
"They don't really look at you. You know it's different from fighting over comments, right?"
Without being weighed down in the slightest by such a Killer King, Ye Hyunwoo also stood by Gong Pildu. [Mini turrets] that came up all at once aimed at Killer King's body.
"This is what I’m talking about."
It was a battle that could not be easily predicted. The combination of Ye Hyunwoo and Gong Pildu’s turrets, an almost invincible synergy in the beginning of the scenarios.
And Killer King too. The incarnation of 'Jophiel', a legendary warrior.
I called out to Literature Girl 64.
"Yerin."
"Yes."
"What do you think?"
Even though it was a question without an object, Literature Girl 64 answered right away.
"My brother is strong."
The same answer as always.
But that wasn't all of the answer.
“But you are a strong man by yourself.”
I too had the same thought.
No matter how you look at it, Killer King didn't jump there because he wanted to be a real representative.
He just wants to stop the 'Apostles' from going to war.
And he is, foolishly, a man who does not know how to deal with anything other than that.
"Could you help me?"
"How?"
"It will just take a little bit of time."
I have no intention of killing anyone here.
I quickly explained the strategy to Literature Girl 64.
"I'll give you 5 trillion. Go away."
With Ye Hyunwoo's warning, Gong Pildu's [mini turret] started loading.
"Everybody get out of the way! Attack before the load runs out!"
Goo Seonah and Kim Gyeongsik ran toward the flag.
The moment when Killer King—who had given a rough blow—joined the front line, Literature Girl 64 knocked down Killer King from behind and fell to the floor.
"Go."
I nodded and ran straight to the flag.
After Killer King was taken away, there was no one with higher agility than me right now. Goo Seonah, who spotted me, opened her eyes wide.
"What-"
I use [Incite] to turn on 'Idea  of almost anything'.
Goo Seonah screamed and fell over at the quick swing of the thought.
"Sein-ssi."
At about the same time, I threw the shield that was on my back at the Kyung Sein.
"This, this?"
It was the 'Shield of Hercules', although it is a replica.
Kyung Sein, who brightened, immediately put on the shield and followed me.
<!>[The special skill 'wide area defense' is activated!]
Soon after, a translucent barrier spread around the shield.
The incarnations that rushed in were blocked by the barrier and screamed.
"What, what!"
Dansu ahjussi didn't stand still either. The cockroaches that had been wandering around the station in Chungmuro began to scatter and disturb the vision of the incarnations.
"Waaaagh! What!"
In an instant, the whole area became a mess, and Ye Hyunwoo and the other apostles were greatly embarrassed.
"Inho-ssi, I must have warned you."
Ye Hyunwoo's cold eyes were looking at me.
"Shoot at him. Don't let him get close to the flag."
As if he had made up his mind, Gong Pildu’s [mini turret] opened fire on us.
With each hit, the translucent barrier began to crack.
Kyung Sein became contemplative and shouted.
"Inho-ssi! It's breaking!"
I could have died here if I hadn’t scanned the shield beforehand.
I used [Incite] to transform the form of 'Idea of almost everything' into 'Hercules' Shield'.
<!>[The special skill 'wide area defense' is activated!]
Despite activating two layers of wide-area defenses, the firepower of the [Mini Turret] was formidable.
As soon as the first barrier collapsed, Kyung Sein looked back at me.
"Inho-ssi! Hurry up!"
The second barrier also began to crack.
I glanced around to see the white flag blowing in the wind.
A distance that can be reached with just a hand.
If I hold this flag and hold on for five minutes, Chungmuro Station will be mine.
Perhaps, Kim Dokja would have done that.
<&>「I must not hold this flag.」
But why? I kept thinking like that.
<&>「That's not the 'correct development' of this story.」
It was at that time that whitish tobacco smoke flowed in through the cracked defenses. In an instant, the smoke took on a human form and reached out toward the flag.
The old man with a smoking pipe, Kim Kyungsik.
"Sorry, but I'll take this."
I never thought he had the [Smoke Human] skill.
The moment Kim Kyung-sik's hand almost touched the flag, one side of the defense wall broke and someone broke in.
"Hey!"
Kim Kyungsik, whose stomach was kicked, rolled on the floor helplessly. He didn't even have time to tie his hair up, and the wind blew his long hair that ran after his cannon fire.
"Heewon-ssi."
"I'm late. I'm sorry."
It seemed that the wounds of the Theater Dungeon had not yet healed, and Jung Heewon's complexion was not good. However, I had to borrow the hand of the wounded now.
"Please."
"Leave this to me."
Jung Heewon blocked the gap , and Dansu ahjussi, who approached us with his mouth closed, also helped her.
Me, Jung Heewon, Kyung Sein and Dansu ahjussi.
The four of us each stood guarding the north, south, east and west sides of the white flag.
Kyung Sein asked in a nervous voice.
"Inho-ssi, didn’t you want to have the flag?"
"No. If we take this, it will become a real war."
Ye Hyunwoo was shooting cannonballs, and the apostles were also wielding weapons, but they weren't serious yet.
Because we haven't gotten our hands on the 'white flag' yet.
But if you hold the flag, the 5minutes timer runs from then on.
Goo Seonah and Kim Kyungsik, who have been watching all the time, will also attack with all their might.
Ye Hyunwoo and Gong Pildu will also pour more powerful shells.
'No matter how strong we are, we can’t deal with the entire Chungmuro Station with just four people.'
"Inho-ssi, I can’t-"
In the end, Kyung Sein, who was in charge of the main course, also reached her limit. A shell that flew through a gap in the defense wall hit Kyung Sein's shield directly. With a loud sound, Kyung Sein's knee broke.
I supported her and bit my lip.
It’s about time.
With this level of commotion, no matter where he is in Chungmuro Station, there's no way he hasn't heard it.
So-so-so-so!
Finally, the wide-area defenses collapsed and shells started pouring in.
The moment Kyung Sein screamed and raised her shield, a thick, dark shadow blocked their path.
Tuquaang!
A man, who seemed to be two or three times as big as her, stood in front of her, blocking the shells.
"Are you okay?"
A strong and honest voice.
Among the readers here, there was no one who did not know his name. Because he was a member of Kim Dokja's company, and he was the shield Kim Dokja trusted more than anyone else.
"Do not worry. You're safe now."
Steel Armor Lee Hyunsung looked back at us with a smile.
And that wasn't all.
"Mister. Don't overdo it."
Lee Jihye, Admiral Lee Jihye.
Next, standing next to Jung Heewon was a man with white hair.
"There, woman. You look strong, shall we fight later?"
Delusional demon Kim Namwoon.
Ye Hyeonwoo, who was surprised by the sudden appearance of the trio, also stopped shooting.
"What…"
And somewhere I heard footsteps.
The only one person in this world.
For a moment, I felt like I could understand Kim Dokja's feelings. The reason Kim Dokja had no choice but to overcome his life by repeating his name at every juncture in his life.
<&>「There is an incarnation that can fight the entire 'Chungmuro Station'.」
In the distance, the group of avatars could be seen parting.
They weren't really overpowered, but people ran away or collapsed in their seats like gazelles encountering a beast.
It had to be.
The feeling that flowed from the body of the approaching man was simply because the strength was different.
<&>「"The protagonist created by the author is too inflexible."」
Perhaps Ji Eunyoo was right.
Clearly, such characters are not popular.
It's so unpopular that only one person in the world has read the whole story about him.
<!>[A constellation that has not yet revealed their modifier is watching your story.]
Maybe, he is still reading it.
<&>「A man who foolishly copes with avoidable crises.」
<&>「A man who is constantly in despair.」
<&>「A man who has rolled through decades to arrive at an answer that it is 'impossible'.」
The character I wanted to write so much was probably already in this world. After going through hundreds of betrayals, despair, and realizations; the reason Ye Hyunwoo, who satisfies all the conditions of being a protagonist, cannot become the protagonist is simple.
<&>「This is because a 'protagonist' already exists in this story.」
He walked silently through ChungmuroStation, where silence fell.
Ye Hyunwoo, Goo Seonah, Kim Kyungsik, and even Killer King held their breath and stiffened.
Jung Heewon was the only one who glared at him with her head held high.
I didn't move, holding onto her collar tightly just in case.
While no one dared to open their mouth, Yoo Jonghyuk passed me leisurely through the forked road.
Standing quietly in front of the flag as if reaching his throne, Yoo Joonghyuk looked down at the flag for a long time with his hands in his pockets.
At that moment, everyone in the station realized. If someone had held that flag, they would have been decapitated by Yoo Joonghyuk’s great spear here.
Looking at the 'white flag' that no one was taking, Yoo Joonghyuk's bright eyes slowly turned to me.
"This is mine."
It was the main character's words.
