<title>623 Episode 14 Hunting (2)
<?>Please refrain from changing chapters’ format i.e. font, letter size, color, background, etc… If you really need to, please open a separate copy.Oddly enough, I felt that way.
I was sure that the guys who committed illegal acts in real life would do something similar here.
—That can't be the case. How tight is the security of our management office...
Even as Bihyung said that, he noticed that there was an uncomfortable corner somewhere.
—Stay still. I'll find out soon and come back.
Even after Bihyung disappeared, the provocations of the constellations of the Misreading Association continued.
<!>[The constellation 'Rat that Calls Plague' says that it will be useless even if the bug-like people struggle.]
<!>[The constellation 'Snake that cuts off its tail' says it's a lot of fun.]
<!>[The constellation 'Rat Calling Plague' also says that the free world is the best.]
Seeing the message resounding loudly, Kyung Sein frowned.
"Those children."
"Never mind them."
Seeing them suddenly noisy, I thought it would be safe for the time being.
In retrospect 'The rat that causes plague' was severely damaged by Asmodeus, and the 'snake that cuts off its tail' must have used too much probability to bestow protection on the '6th-grade lizardmen' in the theater dungeon.
In other words, there wasn't much room left for them anymore.
"The Snake that cuts off its tail."
<!>[The constellation 'Snake ]
 cuts off its tail' is glaring at you.]
"I heard that Killer King sent his regards, did you receive it well?"
<!>[The constellation 'Snake cutting Tail' is showing its dignity towards you!]
Sparks faintly wrapped around my body.
Still, just hearing the threat of a constellation and an indirect message sent chills down my spine.
I would never have thought that this degree of probability would still remain in the 'tail-cutting snake'.
The moment when I was suffocating little by little due to the pressure that was slowly rising.
<!>[The constellation 'The First Sword of Goryeo' says that if you don't keep quiet, your mouth will be torn.]
The message that flew through the air blew away the pressure as if it had been washed away.
It is also CheokJungyeong.
<!>[The constellation 'Tail-Cutting Snake' is embarrassed.]
<!>[The constellation 'snake that cuts off its tail' warns you not to meddle in other people's affairs.]
Wait for a sec. Are you going against Cheok Jungyeong?
Are you crazy?
<!>[The constellation 'Snake Cutting its Tail' warns you not to mess around with great people.]
<!>[Constellation, 'The First Sword of Goryeo' tells you to keep talking if you want to die.]
Or is it the eyes that haven't finished reading the novel right away?
<!>[Constellation, 'The plague-causing rat' laughs at the threat of the First Sword of Goryeo.]
<!>[Constellation 'tail-cutting snake' is old and can't make sense of things, and is quiet.]
<!>[The constellation, 'First sword of Goryeo' warns them that if they say one more word, he will throw away his sword.]
<!>[The constellation 'Snake that cuts off its tail' says to cut it if it can be cut.]
<!>[The constellation 'Rat that Brings Plague' is sarcastically saying that he doesn't know where they live.]
Indeed. Maybe it was because they used to only write bad comments in real life, but their aggro skills were excellent.
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of The Golden Headband' says it’s noisy and scratcheshis ears.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' warns you to fight like a man with your fists instead of talking loudly.]
That's how the constellations in the channel frowned one by one, and the moment Cheok Joongyeong finally made a decision.
<!>[Constellation 'the first sword of Goryeo' pulls out his sword.]
A faint sound of electric lights resounded in the sky, and the disappeared Bihyung returned.
<!>[Come on, Constellations. calm down. I will adjust the channel for a while.]
The guy who was gasping for breath seemed to be exhausted somewhere.
—You... How the hell did you know?
Bihyung, who revealed a translucent shape in the air, spoke to me in a disbelieving voice.
—These bastards, they are the ones who went through the illegal route created by the six beaks.
I knew that.
These guys were committing illegal things here too.
'So it seems. Are they going to be penalized?'
—A notice will come out from the administration soon. These bastards have been watching channels without paying a single fee until now.
After a while, a system message was heard in the air.
<!>[The Bureau of Sanctions has been updated.]
<!>[The constellation 'Tail-cutting Snake'’s channel access has been temporarily restricted.]
<!>[The constellation 'Plague Rat'’s channel has been temporarily restricted.]
Apparently, there were other guys besides them who were subscribing to the channel illegally.
I admired the excellent and prompt action of the Bureau. It would have been nice if the sanctions were done right away in real life.
—This time, the matter was serious, so the management bureau decided to add a tracking request. I'm going to hire a fixer to collect the fine.
'Who are you going to send?'
I didn't even have to ask.
It was because a message from the Management Bureau came straight away.
<!>[The constellation 'The First Sword of Goryeo' accepts the Administrative Bureau's request for a solver.]
Misreading Association guys, you’re going to have a hard time for a while.
It was then that Yoo Jonghyuk, who had been looking up into the sky, opened his mouth.
"Lee Jihye. Kim Namwoon."
It seems our protagonist has finally finished organizing his thoughts. The Misreading Association wasn’t even there anymore, it was really good timing.
"Go to Myeongdong Station. When you arrive near Myeongdong Station, you will see a large cathedral. Retrieve the sacred relic in the cathedral."
"Okay, Captain. What's the name of the relic?"
"You'll know when you see the smile of the Saint."
There was a memory that came to mind the moment I heard the name.
<&>「The Saint's smile. Holy relics found in Myeongdong Cathedral, imbued with the protection of the archangel. If you set the Junggu side as the early farming route, be sure to start with the relevant relic.」
It was strange.
This is an item that doesn't even appear in  Omniscient Reader.
Have I ever written a note like this?
Yoo Jonghyuk continued to speak.
"Lee Hyunsung, go southeast along the road to Seoul Tower. There is an empty lot at the top. Your mission is to retrieve the meteorite that fell there."
"Yes, I understand."
Meteorite that fell on Seoul Tower.
<!>[Gwicheol, Ingredients for Amcheonwolguk. Often found in the rainbow meteorite.]
As expected, the sentence came naturally this time too. I was nervous, but there was no time to think about the sentence.
It was because Yoo Jonghyuk immediately saw our width.
"Dansu."
He didn't expect him to remember his name, so he was a little surprised.
"You follow Lee Jihye and Kim Namwoon."
"Come quickly, mister. If you're late, I'll leave you behind."
Dansu ahjussi turned around as if asking if it was okay, so I silently nodded.
To maximize growth at the beginning of the scenario, splitting the party here was the right choice.
Moreover, if his companions were Lee Jihye and Kim Namwoon, there was nothing to say.
"Please take good care of ahjussi."
At my words, Lee Jihye winked at me as if telling me to stop worrying.
Yoo Jonghyuk then looked at Kyung Sein.
"You."
"Yep!"
Kyung Sein, who was in high spirits as if she were a private soldier, stood upright.
"You move with Lee Hyunsung."
"All right!"
"Thank you, Sein-ssi."
"Me too! I really want to be like Hyunsung-ssi!"
"Yes? Like me? Why?"
Kyung Sein, who was next to Lee Hyunsung, laughed hysterically.
That person obviously had a favorite Jung Heewon, but what happened?
In any case, Yoo Jonghyuk’s judgment of dividing the party was excellent.
Dansu ahjussi has good application skills, but lacks actual combat experience with people.
Putting Lee Jihye and Kim Namwoon together, who are strong in interpersonal battles, must mean that he should watch and learn from them.
It was the same in the case of Kyung Sein. Kyung Sein had a natural physique and a good sense as a fighter, but she was not as quick to switch offense and defense like Lee Hyunsung.
It is the evidence.
The reason why the two were added was that Yoo Jonghyuk highly praised Kyung Sein's growth potential.
Yoo Jonghyuk came out for the last time and looked back at Jung Heewon.
"You two, follow me."
***
After Dansu ahjussi and Kyung Sein left with the party, Jung Heewon and I followed Yoo Jonghyuk.
Jung Heewon had a lot of hostility from earlier, as if she didn't like the way he arbitrarily split and gave orders to the party.
"I don't like it, but should I go with you?"
"Be patient. He’s not doing it with bad intentions. Rather, it's a positive sign."
The mere fact that Yoo Jonghyuk naturally included us in his party was enough to touch me.
Who is this Yoo Jonghyuk? It's not another Yoo Jonghyuk, it's Yoo Jonghyuk from the 41st turn.
If I meet Kim Dokja later, I will definitely tell him about what happened today.
"Are you going north?"
Because Yoo Jonghyuk sent a wary look, I laughed shamelessly.
"Don’t you have a younger sister in the north? Are you worried?"
"You bastard."
"If you don't get her right now, the timing will be difficult."
As I said it, I wondered what I was talking about.
Because I was Cheon Inho.
And Cheon Inho, in the 40th turn, killed all of Yoo Jonghyuk’s acquaintances.
Even if Yoo Jonghyuk pulled out a spear and stabbed me to death, I had nothing to say.
Yoo Jonghyuk stopped walking, glared at me for a moment, and then said to Jung Heewon.
"Did you say your name was Jung Heewon?"
"So what?"
"A sniper is hiding on the ninth floor of the building ahead. Take care of it and come back."
Jung Heewon looked carefully at the building Yoo Jonghyuk pointed at.
"Looks like nothing?"
"Good."
At Yoo Jonghyuk’s words, heat and blood oozed from Jung Heewon's body.
I quickly interjected.
"Heewon-ssi."
"Are you okay?"
Jung Heewon and I both know that there are no snipers in that building.
"It’s okay."
Jung Heewon sighed lightly, and eventually shook her hand and stepped forward.
"Don't die until I come back."
"I don't die that easily."
"Then why do you keep dying?"
"Go ahead."
With the sound of the cool wind, Jung Heewon's disappeared into the building. Even after her figure disappeared, Yoo Jonghyuk did not open his mouth for a while.
He was looking at the distant sky with solemn eyes. I could see the dark sunset dwelling in his pupils, burning red.
"Cheon Inho."
"Yes."
"Are you really Cheon Inho?"
As expected, Yoo Jonghyuk seemed to have noticed.
"That is a philosophical question. How do you see it?"
Yoo Jonghyuk looked at me quietly and then he said.
"If you play the role of 'Cheon Inho', you are still Cheon Inho."
"Then I am Cheon Inho."
I don't know if he liked my answer or not. However, Yoo Jonghyuk just looked at me with the same eyes as usual.
From the side of the building, the sound of thrashing was heard. I don't know, but it seemed that Jung Heewon was beating everything up.
How much time has passed?
Yoo Jonghyuk opened his mouth with a voice that seemed to spread ripples on the calm surface of the water.
"Then, to Cheon Inho, I’ll ask."
Yoo Jonghyuk was watching me.
No, it was more like looking at the empty space between me and him.
As if I could sense the invisible wall there.
"Who the hell is 'Kim Dokja'?"
