<title>630 Episode 15 Doorbell (3)
"Kim Dokja?"
Hearing the words 'Kim Dokja', Jung Heewon glanced back at me.
She must have remembered me and the other apostles saying that name.
<&>「Jung Heewon doesn't know that we are possessed.」
Jung Heewon only knows that the apostles and I know the 'future'.
But she, too, seemed to have noticed our quirks, instinctively.
He said, "Do you know that name?"
At her brother's question, Jung Heewon shook her head.
"No, just. Did Dad say anything else?
"Even I don't remember everything. Things like knowing the future, saying that this world is about to end... There's no time to take care of me, so he told me to survive alone somehow. The uncle from the next door and the soldiers from the house below also followed my dad. Do you remember Sergeant Kim and Sang Hyun? In fact, some of my dad's predictions were right."
I thought about a reader possessing Jung Heewon's father.
That, too, would be the result of trying to live elsewhere.
There was no way he could have realized that he was someone's father when he was suddenly thrown into the world of a novel while reading it.
Even so, the boy in front of him lost his father because of it.
Kim Dokja once said something like that.
Great destruction is not the only destruction. What really kills someone is a small destruction.
Perhaps, for me and the readers possessing this place, it may already be a disaster for the natives of this world.
"Then, in the second scenario, he was caught by the Beggar Sect. I haven’t seen him again since. I heard that he was locked in the basement of Seoul Station…"
Jung Heewon's father struggled hard in his own way, but in the end it seemed that he was defeated by the indigenous forces.
Perhaps it was a natural result.
Even this is an area that is not even properly introduced in Omniscient Reader.
It was a miracle that he managed to pass the first scenario and survive.
Jung Heewon asked.
"So, why are you in the Beggar Sect? You said they took dad? But why are you under that organization..."
Seeing Jung Eunho hesitant to answer, Jung Heewon's eyes narrowed.
"You can't."
"Because that kind of dad is also my dad. I don't abandon my family like my older sister."
In a voice tinged with faint anger, Jung Eunho continued to speak.
"Maybe one day his memories will come back. Maybe being my dad again might not be such a good thing."
Only then did Jung Heewon, who understood her younger brother's words, click her tongue.
"So you went in there and killed and looted other people? Are you really sane?"
"It was the only way. Sister must have killed someone to survive the first scenario."
Only choice to survive.
Who can confidently refute this scenario in front of the boy's justification?
"Me and everyone else here. They're all just struggling to survive."
The children knelt down and huddled in the back while sobbing.
"Sorry. Please forgive me."
"I won't. I won't do that anymore."
I know that it’s a lie.
If we leave, the children will plunder and kill people again using the message of the 'White Flag' as bait.
Jung Heewon sighed lightly and asked.
"Where's the flag?"
Then Jung Eunho sighed as well and pointed to the master bedroom.
"There."
The looting of the children ended here.
The children also bowed their heads as if they knew that fact.
"Look after the children. The next time they get caught, I’ll really kill them."
With her warning, the children's shoulders trembled.
As Jung Eunho said, when I opened the door to the master bedroom, I saw a white-colored flag planted in the center of the room.
<!>[You found a hidden white flag.]
Taking that, we can now create a new group.
"Hey! Stop it! You can’t take that away, you all go for it!"
It was the spotted boy wriggling on the floor who said those words. The boy shouted desperately as if he had managed to remove the towel put on his mouth, and the boy exclaimed desperately.
"Stop! Stop it quickly!"
"Wonshik-ah."
"Shut up! You ten years old!" Cried the excited spotted boy struggling.
"Release this right now. I'm going to kill you. Have you forgotten who my father is? Do you guys think everything will be alright? Hey! Jung Eunho!"
"Wonshik. Let go of this once. She’s my sister."
"What are you saying, because she’s  your sister?
Unheard of by Jung Eunho, he urged Jung Heewon.
"Sister. If you're going to take it, take it quickly. In a little while, people will come up."
"Who will come?"
"I don’t know who they are, but it’s the Beggar Sect’s place here. Wonsik has already called the beggars. Even if he looks like that, that bastard is the son of Ark and in charge here."
"It doesn't matter who comes."
"I know that you are strong, but... It is impossible for even you to deal with the entire Beggar Sect. And Ark is a really ridiculously strong person. He is truly a master of martial arts that can fly through the sky."
A real martial artist.
I suddenly became curious.
It's not some kind of Yoo Jonghyuk, and common sense says that there wouldn't be such an incarnation at this time.
Why are there Murim people in Korea in the first place?
"Inho-ssi."
I was troubled.
Curiosity aside, it was not the right choice to collide with them here.
We have two purposes for coming here.
One is to find the 'mad butcher'.
The second is to get the white flag.
At the point where the 'Mad Butcher' was presumed to be the younger brother of Jung Heewon, we could see that our goal had already been achieved.
"Let's take the flag first."
"Inho-ssi should take it."
"Are you okay though?
"Anyway, I don’t even know how to use it."
This time, I did not refuse Jung Heewon's concession.
This is because the flag was an item that must be obtained in order to perform the 'King's Road' scenario.
"Then I will have it."
It was the moment when I entered the living room with Jung Heewon that I got a strange feeling.
The place changed to an achromatic color with a cool sensation.
It was the snowfield.
<!>[The activation conditions for the skill '□□' have been met.]
It's been a while since I've seen it.
Time stopped. I reflexively looked around, but I didn't see anything strange. Jung Eunho and the other children did the same.
So what?
It was then that I noticed a red line coming through the crack in the window of the broken room.
A laser scope.
Someone is sniping here.
Fortunately, there were no major concerns.
I had the remaining probability points, and I had the confidence to write a plausible sentence necessary for escape.
Getting out of this kind of crisis...
<!>[The state of the exclusive skill, '□□', is unstable.]
<!>[The 'Snowfield' cannot be activated.]
<!>[The skill is locked.]
What?
The scenery around me changed, and I heard the sound of something being fired in the distance.
Shit.
Reflexively, I hugged Jung Heewon and laid her aside.
But there was someone who moved before me.
"Sister!"
Jung Eunho, who discovered the laser scope, threw his chopsticks in the exact direction where the red line flew.
<!>[Incarnation 'Jung Eunho' activates 'Throw Lv.2'!]
<!>[Incarnation 'Jung Eunho' activates 'Attack Enhancement Lv.2'!]
As soon as the chopsticks were pulled out of the window, the entire building shook with a deafening roar.
It was no ordinary sniping.
Someone fired an anti-battery rocket that was at least equivalent to an RPG.
When we barely opened our eyes in the acrid dust, we could see the landscape of the horribly broken inner room.
The frames of the broken windows were jagged, and the floor of the soft master bedroom on the window side was completely smashed.
On the roof of the building on the opposite floor, we saw a sniper aiming at us. The moment our eyes met, I was startled.
It was a familiar face.
<&>「"Chew, the deployment manager told me to keep an eye on the corner of the road to expand Bunta's power. That's really it. I didn't mean to hurt you!"]」
Before coming here, the sniper, who had been released near Chungmuro, made it impossible to speak about us due to the [Oath of Existence], so he decided to kill us instead of returning to Seoul Station.
It was a mistake.
I wasn't letting go of him by trusting a clumsy [Oath of Existence].
"Heewon-ssi, it’s okay."
Red light flowed from Jung Heewon's whole body after shaking off the dust.
She was looking at her own brother who had fallen to the floor.
Jung Eunho collapsed while holding onto his stomach.
I quickly checked Eunho's wound and stopped the bleeding. His bullets must have been poisonous, and the skin that the shrapnel passed through was stained with a dark red light.
<!>[The character 'Jung Heewon' activates 'Ghost Slayer Lv.4'!]
Jung Heewon ran downstairs like a roaring master.
Shortly thereafter, screams rang out from the ground in the opposite building.
"Uh-uhh-!"
A completely different movement than when dealing with the children. As their limbs were severed and blood spurted out, the man roared at her.
"Here, here! Kuaaaa!"
As if they had already called in reinforcements, dozens of beggars appeared near the entrance of the apartment. It looks like a reinforcement who ran after receiving [group chatting].
Jung Heewon's eyes, burning red due to the effect of [Ghost Slayer], looked back.
It was then that a barrage of bullets flew from somewhere.
Doo doo doo!
Threatening shots directly directed at the beggars.
"Aagh!"
The beggars who had been hit by the bullets were frightened and secretly bit the battle line, and soon a signal was sent.
"Retreat!"
Let's lead the dead beggars and quickly retreat out of the apartment.
A group of our soldiers appeared on the road leading to the underground parking lot.
"Stop shooting!"
All of them must have been camping for a long time, their faces guilty.
Jung Heewon, who had just finished off the sniper, landed on the first floor of the apartment. The moment the soldiers and Jung Heewon were about to engage in a fierce confrontation, a man came forward when he called the soldiers from the front.
It was a man with a red flag tucked in his waist.
"You... aren't you Jung Heewon?"
Jung Heewon's eyes softened a little as she looked back at the man.
"Sergeant Kim?"
***
The group of soldiers was the remaining troops led by Jung Heewon's father, Jung Moonho.
They said that they were carrying out guerrilla activities to rescue Jung Moonho, who had been captured by the Beggar Sect, and were wandering around the apartment where Jung Heewon was staying.
"You're alive. I'm so glad."
Sergeant Kim held onto Jung Heewon's hand with one hand and wiped his eyes several times.
"Sorry. Mr. Jung is..."
"I've heard about it."
Jung Heewon withdrew her hand with a confident face and immediately asked the necessary question.
"How is Eunho?"
He was shot by the sniper.
​Jung Eunho was still unconscious.
Although I hurriedly fed him with 'Ellain Forest's Spirit' and applied short-changing medicine, it wasn't a wound that could be healed to that extent.
A medic had been attached to him since earlier, supplying him with a constant supply of mana.
However, as time passed, Jung Eunho's complexion only worsened.
"Sorry. I don't think he’ll be able to survive today at this rate." The voice of a helpless medic.
My thoughts were similar.
For a wound like this, he needed to borrow the help of someone like Lee Seolhwa or use Murim's elixir.
Even if it wasn't Shaolin's Great Rejoice, it was a wound that could only be healed with a summons level.
<!>[This product is out of stock.]
Is this out of stock again?
I searched the 'dokkaebi bag' and looked for other elixirs.
If it's a summons level, there should still be quite a few products.
<!>[This product is out of stock.]
<!>[This product is out of stock.]
All of them were out of stock, as if they had made a promise.
Come to think of it, even Kim Dokja in the main story rarely purchased elixirs through the 'Dokkaebi bag'.
Usually, these elixirs are occupied by incarnations with a constellation of Snow Flower or higher as their background.
The ambiguous level of elixirs are already used by constellations who want to raise their incarnation.
After flipping through the purchase pages for a long time, I was able to find a low-grade elixir.
+
*Mine Team - Inventory 3
+
After reading the description, I found that it is a replica of 'Mahondan', one of the three great elixirs of <The 1st Murim>.
First of all, it bothers me that it is a replica, but if it has the same side effects as the real Mahondan, that is also a problem.
<&>「If you eat it as it is, you’ll get choking fever and all the blood vessels in your body will burst and you will die.」
This is because Yoo Jonghyuk had made this warning in Omniscient Reader.
In other words, if this is fed incorrectly, Jung Eunho will end up bleeding from poison rather than being cured.
"There is no way right now. I wonder if the blessings of the constellations are there?"
Listening to the medic's words, I stared blankly up at the sky.
The sky, which would normally have been noisy, became deserted today.
Damn, I think there were still a lot of viewers when Yoo Jonghyuk was there.
There might be constellations watching, but I knew without asking that they wouldn't help this boy.
A star who would sacrifice his probability to bring back a boy they had nothing to do with does not exist.
The only thing worth looking forward to was his sponsor, but no matter how I looked at it, Jung Eunho seemed to have no sponsor.
"Inho-ssi."
"I'm thinking about it."
What is needed to save Jung Eunho is the 'Summoning Squad'-class medicine.
If I cannot purchase it from the 'Dokkaebi bag' and cannot expect support from the constellations, there is no other option than to visit <Murim> directly.
However, the minimum condition to enter <Murim> is to acquire a 'Personal Scenario' after breaking through the 10th scenario.
In other words, it was impossible to do anything as of now.
However.
That <Murim>. Maybe it's closer than I think.
"You there."
I called the children who were trembling in the corner.
"Is it true that there is a Murim master in the Beggar Sect?"
"Is there a master of Murim?"
"I heard he flies in the sky and uses martial arts?"
"Ah! That's right!"
The children looked at each other and nodded.
Then Sergeant Kim, who had been listening to the story, spoke up.
"It's true. There are people like that."
"Are you sure?"
"I've even seen them fight. Especially Ark and the three below are monsters. Those farmers dealt with monsters with their bare hands and smashed dunks with their fists. Bullets don't work at all. Our unit was also devastated by the beggars."
A person who could tear monsters to shreds with his bare hands and not work as a gunsmith could definitely be called a Murim man. It is also of a high level.
With common sense, I can’t understand why there are such people in the current scenario.
I didn’t, but…
"They might know how to cure Eunho."
"Let’s go to them right now."
Jung Heewon spoke with the momentum that would destroy <The 1st Murim> as well.
"If you go, you will fight."
"I'm going to fight."
Certainly, Jung Heewon was strong.
It's because she's strong enough to hunt even 7-th grade monsters by herself.
However, the opponent was not a monster, but a human, and even a group.
"Heewon-ssi! You must never go. If you go, you will definitely die. Sergeant Jung was also caught in the same way. Those guys aren’t human."
Sergeant Kim said in a terrified voice.
Jung Heewon made an impression.
"I can't give up Eunho like this. If no one goes, I'll go alone."
Right. That's Jung Heewon, but I can't leave her like that.
"Let's negotiate."
"Negotiation?"
"We can hand over our hostages and get what we want."
At the word hostage, the children's shoulders trembled.
Jung Heewon asked.
"Do they care about the hostages? They're only kids."
"At least one will care."
I watched the spotted boy crawling on the floor behind them.
"You there. You said you were the son of Ark, right?"
I remembered Jung Eunho's words.
<!>["Even if you look like that, that is the son of Ark. He’s in charge here."]
Then the trembling spotted boy shouted.
"I, I, I can't! Oh, if I go to Daddy, I'll die. Please. Please."
I slapped him on the back of his neck and stunned him, then lightly put him on my shoulder. I don't know why this guy is so afraid, but anyway.
"Let's go to Seoul Station."
Even if it wasn't because of Jung Heewon's younger brother, I had to go to Seoul Station.
<!>[You have become an unknown representative!]
The Beggar Sect.
An unknown group occupied the Seoul Station area at the same time as the scenario started.
Seeing that they did not appear in the 'absolute throne'’s war of 'Omniscient Reader', they are probably a group that was wiped out while fighting other kings.
By who? I don't know that.
But one thing is for sure.
<!>[Currently, your target station is 'Seoul Station'.]
Even in this 41st turn, their end will not be very different.
