<title>631 Episode 15 Doorbell (4)
To put it simply, the Beggar Sect is the name of the organization where beggars gathered.
Usually, in martial arts novels, they are regarded as a group that symbolizes the best information power.
There was no way to know how it was described in 'Ways of Survival'.
So, all the way to Seoul Station, I repeatedly turned the skill 'Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World' off and on.
<!>[Deactivates the exclusive skill, 'Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World']
<!>[Activates the exclusive skill 'Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World'.]
If you look at it like this, you never know how the skill would react.
How many times did I repeat the same thing like that?
<!>[The skill 'Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World' is irritated.]
The skill finally responded.
It was a bit of a strange reaction, though.
<&>「...In the early days, the Beggar Sect was one of the strong organizations as one of the old sects of Murim, but it was swept away by the scenario area of the <Star Stream> and tilted a lot...」
Even the contents of Ways of Survival related to the Beggar Sect began to flow.
I think it’s a bit deaf, but I wondered where it could be heard.
<&>「New masters who learned the basics of martial arts accurately and quickly through the <Star Stream> quickly took control of Murim, and the 'Beggar Sect' was naturally pushed to the backwaters of the Yangtze River as it was weeded out of the competition.」
Huh. This is a story I know, but the story continued.
<&>「The Beggar Sect, which originally reigned as the old sect of the <1st Murim>, eventually had to move to the <2nd Murim>, and then to the 3rd Murim>, and there are several secret stories related to this.」
Is it the feeling of moving from a large square to a small square?
I read on and on.
<&>「At the time of <The 2nd Murim>’s relocation, the dragon's ark of the Beggar Sect and the elder, Sageol, gathered beggars and made a resolution to engrave the true spirit of Jungwon in a new place.」
Even if it wasn't for the 'little master' who appeared in front of the signboard that day. Also, the three-gyeolgae of the Beggar Sect who rolled the gatekeeper that day made rude remarks after seeing the height of the master. Even if they didn't, their window method would have ended safely.」
Little master?
<&>「On that day, all the doors of the Beggar Sect were opened by the white-blue Kyrgios. The surviving dragon head ark and the elder envoys grabbed the flowing Betga porridge and fled to <The 3rd Murim>.」
The story did not end there.
<&>「After that, the dragon head ark and the envoy led the ruined breakwater and settled down in <The 3rd Murim>. Having lost even the morality of the political faction due to the shock of Kyrgios, they turned to Sapa, which was ruined anyway, and tried to make a new start.」
Unfortunately, even if the pacheon swordsmen who appeared in <The 3rd Murim> hadn't started 'death swordsmanship', they would have managed to be reborn as useful sappers.」
At this point, I wondered if the place called Beggar Sect was a bit pitiful.
To sum up, it was broken by Kyrgios in the 2nd Murim, and had their sword castle broken in the 3rd Murim...
After that, there is no record of what happened.
I beat the skill and turned it on again to find additional records.
<&>「Yoo Joonghyuk replied as if he was bothered by Kim Namwoon’s request. "If you want to know more, find out for yourself."」
An odd sentence came out.
Why are you doing this all of a sudden?
Is it broken?
"What's wrong?"
Jung Heewon asked with worried eyes as if my expression was strange.
I added quickly.
"It's nothing."
I thought that perhaps the 'Beggar Sect of the Murim area' could be related to the Beggar Sect of this place.
Due to the structure of the scenario, there was little chance of real Murim people here, but if there were still descendants or related constellations...
I caught a glimpse of the soldiers following us and the children on their backs.
The one I particularly paid attention to was the spotted boy.
Even if the other guys are like that, what is he so afraid of when his father is the ark of the Beggar Sect?
"I can see Seoul Station."
Well, we'll find out soon.
***
Goh Jangwon was sitting on the stair landing of Seoul Station. Looking at the beggars lined up in front of him, the village official wondered why he had become like this.
Age twenty three.
My favorite thing is to read martial arts webcomics.
I have a girl I love.
Apparently, until a few weeks ago, the sentences describing him were those things.
He had taken a leave of absence before enlisting in the military, and was an ordinary college student who was contemplating whether or not to confess to his classmate, whom he secretly had a crush on for three years.
—Uh, I like webtoons too. What do you read?
—I like web novels more than webtoons.
—A web novel?
—Do you know Omniscient Reader?
So, that was the reason he read the novel.
—Omniscient Reader?
—It's Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, a novel I read these days. I read it 8 times.
—I like novels too.
A novel he read to share even more words with the girl he had a crush on.
A week before his enlistment, he went straight through Omniscient Reader from chapter 1 to chapter 551, and the next day he fell asleep with a thrilled heart, delusional that he would confess to a girl using the words of the novel he had read. He also decided on a message.
"Youngin, we can date, you know?"
And when he opened his eyes again, he was enlisted in the army.
—Gaaaaagh!
Screams and roars of monsters roared everywhere. Gojangwon cried, trembled, barely remembered the story in the novel, and luckily survived..

—Dad. Where are you? Dad!
He threw away the boy who called him daddy.
He felt remorse, but it was restrained for him.
When he suddenly opened his eyes, he was a soldier, an old man in his late 50s, and even a daddy.
There were enemies aiming for him everywhere, and monsters popped out.
It was a daunting situation to protect his own body.
Fortunately, he knew the contents of this novel.
In order to somehow survive, Goh Jangwon recalled the sentences he knew.
Coincidentally, people nearby followed him, and his personal connections worked effectively.
Thanks to this, he became the commander of an army with Mipil's soul.
"I need to meet Kim Dokja."
From the moment he realized his possession in the novel until now, Go Jangwon's goal has been one.
You must meet the main character of this story.
Only then can you get out of this story and can return to reality.
So, the chieftain went around spreading information that he knew the future.
It was because of the calculation that Kim Dokja would surely return.
—You know the future?
However, there were people who came to him before Kim Dokja.
A group that introduced themselves as the Beggar Sect.
ORV is not a martial arts novel, and he wanted something else, but when he woke up, the soldiers who followed him were beaten in an instant by the masters of the Beggar Sect and were in a desperate state.
It was the first time he knew that a staff was such a formidable weapon.
The beggar holding a baton smeared with human blood and flesh placed his hand on the chieftain's shoulder and declared his affiliation.
—This is the place of the 'Beggar Sect' from now on.
Exactly that far, the content of Omniscient Reader Viewpoint was a failure.
"That's why the soldiers took Wonsik with him. He was also shot by a sniper and he's coming this way now."
The beggar prostrated himself in front of him, trembling.
Watching that scene, Go Jangwon felt like he had become an obvious abbreviation in an obvious story.
Before, these villains all ran away because of Kim Dokja or Yoo Joonghyuk.
But as of now, there was nothing else I could do.
If you do something stupid, you will be killed by the open ark before you even meet Kim Dokja.
Because this was the place to run away from.
"If it is Wonshik, is it the son of the Ark?"
"Yes!"
"The one to fight."
The assistant manager remembered the spotless little boy who didn't talk dirty.
Come to think of it, he also had a son. Although he wasn't his real son, he was the son of the person he possessed.
"Sergeant Jung Munho."
"What happened to that guy?"
When he thought of the boy who was running towards him, he belatedly felt guilty.
He wasn't ignoring the boy back then.
It was then that the shouts of beggars were heard from the entrance of Seoul Station.
"They're here!"
He could hardly guess who the people who came were.
Probably his subordinates, Sergeant Kim and the remaining troops.
Kidnapping the son of the ark must have been done out of anger, and it was highly likely that he had come to apologize.
Soon after, soldiers with familiar faces appeared.
"Sergeant Jung!"
"Chief Kim."
It was these guys too.
Go Jangwon… No, Jung Munho opened his mouth with the expression of a newly solemn Sergeant Jung.
"Long time no see."
"Are you okay? You must have been caught by the Beggar Sect-"
"I'm fine. More than that, do you have the son of the Ark?"
"Yes? Yes."
"Then give him back quickly and stop fighting."
"Yes?"
"It's scary when the ark gets angry. Didn't you see it too? They are masters who fly in the sky and beat people like dogs. We can't help it."
Sergeant Kim looked at Jung Munho and stuttered.
"Munho, did you really enter the Beggar Sect?"
Jung Munho nodded heavily.
"Okay. Come in here before it's too late. I have already prepared a place for you myself."
"How, no matter how…"
"Shouldn't people live and see? It's the yard where the president and the prime minister both died. Don't burn useless patriotism, and plan for the future here with me."
“No, why did you change your tone again!"
"My tone..."
He was going to tell him that if he were tortured by the Murim people for three nights and four days, this would happen, but there was someone who stepped forward, bypassing Sergeant Kim.
The moment he wondered who the striking woman with long hair and long swords was, a deep part of his chest was tingling and painful. Clearly he knew that woman. Not exactly him, but his previous body knew her.
"Dad. What are you doing there?"
Looking closely, behind the woman was the boy who called him daddy a while ago.
His stomach was rumbling, and his head was dizzy. What should he say?
Is he the reader Goh Sangwon or the character Jung Moonho? Why do they call him daddy and he should feel guilty?
"Hey, what's going on?"
A group of beggars were coming out of Seoul Station. Jung Moonho, who identified the leading beggar among them, jumped up from his seat.
They must not meet with the samurai.
"Heewon-ssi. Wait a minute."
It was then that a man stepped forward.
A man with a strangely smiling face in a white coat. The moment he looked into his eyes, Jung Moonho thought of his unrequited love, Lee Youngin, and a novel she liked, and he remembered a character drawn on the cover of the novel.
"Hey, hello. You're Heewon-ssi's father."
Exactly as he imagined.
Jung Moonho blankly listened to the man with his mouth open.
"If there is the Ark inside, please tell me."
It must have been.
"The disciple of Baek Cheongmoon came to visit."
Kim Dokja, whom he had been waiting for, finally came to the Beggar Sect.
