<title>633 Episode 16 Mad Butcher (2)
Anyway, since I came this far, I had to meet the ark of the Beggar Sect.
Our goal is to find a cure for Jung Eunho.
If this place is really the Beggar Sect of Murim, no matter how degraded it may be, there will be some useful spirits.
Jung Heewon said.
"Let's go together."
"I'm going alone now. Please take care of Eunho in the meantime."
"If anything happens, call me right away, you know?"
I nodded.
If it was normal, of course I would have moved with Jung Heewon.
But this time it was difficult.
Because now I'm someone’s disciple, and Kyrgios's disciple isn't frightened by the Beggar Sect.
<?>Let’s change the strange name from before to Kyrgios. Lee Hahkyun is now pretending to be Kyrgios’s disciple.In other words, there is no need for an escort.
"I'll take this guy with me."
I said, pointing at the spotted boy, our hostage.
The guy seemed to have resigned himself, but now he was in a compliant state.
"Go all the way over there."
At the end of the opening, I started walking along the path to the waiting room.
It was then that the spotted boy on my back opened his mouth.
"Mister."
"Uh."
"It's useless even if you take me. A person like me is worthless as a hostage."
I paused, then put the spotted boy on the floor and untied the knots from his hands and feet.
The puzzled boy looked up at me.
"Are you freeing me?"
I replied with a grin.
"You said you weren't worth being a hostage."
"I. Can I run away?"
"Do you want to?"
The spotted boy bowed his head.
After all, this boy knows it too. There is no place in this world for children to run away to.
Scenarios are hell everywhere.
The only thing this boy who didn't have great abilities could do was to dig a trap using his fucked up appearance.
"Your father, I heard that person suddenly changed."
The startled boy raised his head.
"How has it changed? Please explain."
"Just. All of a sudden, he was a completely different person."
"His appearance has changed?"
"His appearance is the same. The behavior of the homeless is the same."
The boy hesitated and continued.
"My dad was homeless, but he wasn't a bad guy. He ruined his business and went bankrupt and lost all of his money, but he wasn't one to hurt anyone."
The closer he got to the waiting room, the more the spotted boy stuttered.
"It all changed by touching that strange stone…"
Strange stone?
Soon after, the waiting room at Seoul Station, covered with a huge cloth, appeared.
It looked as if a relief camp had been set up in the center of Seoul Station.
Therein lies the Ark of the Beggar Sect.
I went inside and into the tent with the shivering spotted boy.
In the center of the tent, there was a huge stone on the floor, and just below the stone were the tables and chairs of the broken waiting room.
The ark of the Beggar Sect was sitting in one of the chairs drinking tea.
As if someone is enjoying this cataclysmic time leisurely.
Even knowing that I had appeared in the tent, he continued to sip his tea without being conscious of me.
"There's something strange about the tea here."
Then the four beggars who were guarding him bowed their heads.
"The tea I used to know doesn't taste like this."
"I'm sorry. That was all I could get here."
"It can't be helped."
The Ark sniffed once again.
"Just as the Murim we remembered has disappeared, the scent of the tea that people talk about has changed."
I felt like I was suddenly in the middle of a martial arts novel.
Obviously, the place and time are different. This place was far from Murim.
Even so, the moment he opened his mouth, this place became Murim.
No matter where he is, he is a being who can change the scenery around him with just his words.
"Don't stand there, come over and sit down. Welcome to the Beggar Sect."
This place is truly the 'Beggar Sect'.
I felt that way all over again.
"Excuse me."
I sat on the opposite side of the ark with a nonchalant look.
As I sat down, Ark asked, sipping a sip of tea.
"Why did you bring that child?"
The spotted boy who caught his gaze shook his shoulders.
I said as I lightly wrapped my arms around the child's shoulders.
"Ah. A hostage."
"Hostage?"
After all, no matter how you look at it, it wasn't the way he looked at his own child.
I added a word.
"You have a brave son."
Only then did the Ark's eyes change.
The Ark looked at the spotted boy carefully and said.
"All the children of the Beggar Sect are brave. Even with their grandparents and begging for food on the street, they take care of themselves."
"..."
"I don't know what you expected, but I don't think I'm going to give you any special treatment just because you're my son. From the moment you enter this group, the distinction between a child and an adult is meaningless. We're just beggars living under the same sky as a roof."
I said while holding the spotted boy's shoulder.
"Beggars are children, and adults are adults."
"From the point of view of the universe, the two are not very different."
It was a plausible statement to hear.
But that was not something that could be said from a human's point of view.
"From a star’s point of view, that might be the case."
The spotted boy said that his father suddenly became 'another person'.
<!>[Exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated!]
+
<Character information>
Name: Myung Sewoon
Age: 44
Sponsor: The Last Ruler
Exclusive Attributes: Homeless (Normal), Murim (Rare)
Exclusive Skills: [Camping Lv.3], [Fishing Lv.3], [Verse Lv.3]...
Stigma: [Punching stick Lv.3]...
Overall stats: [Stamina Lv.25], [Strength Lv.25], [Agility Lv.25], [Magic Power Lv.25]
Comprehensive Evaluation: This person acts as a proxy for the will of the last ruler.
+
An incarnation with decent overall abilities.
However, what really bothered me was the comprehensive evaluation, not the comprehensive ability.
<&>「A proxy of the constellation's will is.」
Is it some kind of possession? But can it?
There's no way a constellation-class existence could possess an incarnation from the beginning of the scenarios.
I tested my luck.
"Why is a constellation here? The last ruler. This place is not Murim."
Constellation 'The Last Ruler'.
If the record of 'Ways of Survival' is correct, the Beggar Sect was kicked out of Murim after being defeated by Kyrgios and the Pajeon Swordsman in <The 2nd Murim> and <The 3rd Murim>.
Then, the 'last ruler' refers to the last 'Ark' of the Beggar Sect.
There was no mistake.
In other words, what is controlling the incarnation in front of me right now is.
<&>「The leader of the Beggar Sect that became a constellation.」
The Ark completely opened his mouth.
"You are an interesting young man. Did you find out that far already?"
The moment the Ark put the teacup down, the air around him changed.
I knew it instinctively.
The pressure I felt from the Ark right now was at least a '6th-grade monster'.
"Yes, I am the dragon head ark of the Beggar Sect."
Is it an illusion? With that declaration, it really seemed like the signboard of the Beggar Sect could be seen behind him.
Perhaps that is his story.
Murim's prestigious political faction, which has been around for over a thousand years, is the Beggar Sect.
I saw a flag flying behind his back.
A purple flag.
The flag of 'Capture the Flag' starts with white, passes through red, indigo, brown, and purple, and finally ends in black.
However, the ark in front of my eyes obtained a purple flag not long after the scenario began.
I don't know, but all the representatives of the Seoul Station area must have died at the hands of the Beggar Sect.
It's such a horrifying growth that even Yoo Jonghyuk would be wary.
I was genuinely curious.
If he appeared in 'Ways of Survival', then by whom did he change his name?
I spoke calmly.
"I don't understand. Why did you rush into the incarnation's pastime with the stature of a great star?"
In fact, from the existence of the possessed body of the constellation in this initial scenario, the probability of the scenario should not allow this to happen.
"It's a great star. You seem to know a lot about constellations."
The Ark laughed.
"Are you also a being who knows the future?"
I wanted to faint for a moment.
Come to think of it, Sergeant Jung Munho was caught and said that he blew on this and that.
"That friend told me an interesting story. This world is actually in a story, and we are all characters in that story."
No, what are you talking about, dear reader.
"I thought it was an interesting analogy. I've often had similar thoughts."
Fortunately, the famous ark of the Beggar Sect seemed to accept reality as it is as a metaphor.
"If this is really a story, what kind of story will remain of my 'Beggar Sect'? Is the history of the 'Beggar Sect' over now? Is it remembered as a den of mere beggars that is no longer talked about by people?"
It was a voice of deep remorse.
A faint scent wafted from the half-remaining dragon's teacup. It had such a faded scent that it was hard to tell what kind of tea leaves it was made from.
"I just took a chance. A chance to start over again. A chance to stir up the narrative once again and the Beggar Sect to be remembered in the <Star Stream>."
Got a chance. By whom?
Who can provide the probability that the existence of a constellation class can interfere at the beginning of the scenarios?
I don't know.
All I know is that I have to stop this crazy beggar.
"Then you came to the wrong place."
"I also gave up a lot in return. Can you feel the status of a constellation from me now?"
I thought it was strange.
The Ark was obviously strong, but he wasn't comparable to a constellation.
If he really had the status of a constellation, the moment I met him, I would have burst out of my limbs, unable to withstand the pressure of the story.
"Let's get to the main topic. Hey, I heard you're a disciple of Kyrgios."
The Ark's eyes sank coldly. I knew it instinctively. This confrontation is real from now on.
"Can you prove it?"
Of course, I am not his disciple, so there are no mortuary tablets or holy relics to prove it.
But.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.5' is activated!]
Fortunately, I know a real disciple of Kyrgios.
<&>「I am Kim Dokja.」
The moment I thought that sentence, I felt like I had truly become a disciple of Kyrgios.
I was not afraid of anything.
The smallest is the greatest.
And I want to hit Yoo Jonghyuk in the back of the head. Perhaps they felt the atmosphere, and the complexion of the beggars lined up behind the Ark changed.
The last point was [Blue and White River], which LiteratureGirl64 passed on to me.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'White and Blue River Lv.1' is activated!]
Sensing bluish magic flowing from my body, Ark opened his eyes wide.
He said, "You really were Kyrgios’s disciple."
The beggars who were guarding him from behind were also greatly agitated.
"Really, his apprentice came here... do you know what that means?"
A subtle sense of intimidation spread subtly.
I grinned.
"I know. And I know that my acquaintances have been strengthened through your actions."
"So?"
I wanted to be able to say this.
But my mouth is already out of my control.
Because I was that Kim Dokja now.
"Give me the Summoning Team Sirog."
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is amazed at your spirit.]
Kim Dokja, the living voice of Omniscient Reader.
"Summoning team? Why did you come to the Beggar Sect to find Shaolin's Elixir?" 
"If there is no summoning group, the suicide squad or whatever is fine. In any case, give me an elixir that can heal internal wounds."
The ark opened his mouth as if he was dumbfounded by my words.
"Is that all?"
"No, I have one more business."
I also wanted to cover my mouth.
What was in front of my eyes was a crazy constellation turned into a beggar, and my head could burst if I kept talking.
However, I was very firm.
"Give me that flag, too."
Because I was a crazy Kim Dokja now.
"Otherwise, next time our master will find this place himself."
<!>[The constellation 'Sneaky Schemer' nods happily.]
