<title>634 Episode 16 Mad Butcher (3)
If you don't give me what I want right now, I'll call my master.
At my simple declaration, the stars in the sky could be heard chattering.
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General' smiles at your courageous spirit.]
<!>[The Constellation 'First Sword of Goryeo' nods intriguedly.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' asks who the teacher is.]
<!>[A constellation that has not yet revealed their modifier makes an interested expression.]
<!>[A constellation sensitive to the fashion of Murim is excited about the return of Kyrgios.]
Of course, everything I said was bullshit.
Because I wasn't really his disciple.
But now I was in a state of [inciting] myself to be Kyrgios's disciple, Kim Dokja, so I was confident in avoiding any [Lie Detection].
But instead of using [Lie Detection], the ark of the Beggar Sect sent me a silent gaze.
"Are you threatening me now?"
"I'm not threatening you, I'm telling you the truth."
"If I don't give you the elixir, will you call Kyrgios?
"I'm sure you didn't hear me, but I'll say it again."
I answered in a high-pitched voice.
"One summoning class elixir and your flag. Please give me both."
"..."
"If that's the case, I think you've enjoyed the early scenarios. At this point, let the incarnations on the stage and return to the audience."
"..."
"The era of the old faction is over. This is not the stage you lived in."
There must have been a change of emotion because of my words, but I didn't see any emotion on the face of the ark of the Beggar Sect.
To be honest, I was a little surprised.
No matter how great a person is, even if they lose all of their status, is a constellation still a constellation?
A being who has built up a story by defeating countless competitors and enduring distant scenarios.
Angry on his behalf were the four men staring at me from behind the ark.
It was the beggars.
Apparently, they also knew the secret story between Kyrgios and the Beggar Sect.
There was a sentence that came to mind out of nowhere.
<&>「There was always an elder 'envoy' by the side of the deployment of the Dragon's Head Ark.」
Maybe they are the things recorded in Ways of Survival.
Apparently, they don't seem to be possessed by a constellation, and if the envoy's story was put in with some kind of secret technique—
"You’re Kyrgios’s disciple."
As I kept silent, the ark finally opened his mouth.
"I also know that my stage is over. This era is not my era, and the Murim I remembered is nowhere. The Beggar Sect of the most brilliant era was destroyed just before by your proud teacher."
Unexpectedly, he readily acknowledged his situation.
"I'm still afraid of your master. The level he reached will never be reached even if I die and wake up again and again."
I thought of Kyrgios Rodgrim.
<&>「A being born as a mortal and attaining great status after ceaseless diligence. A man who refused the seat of a constellation and achieved transcendence by confronting the sky.」
Although I had never seen him before, just thinking about that sentence gave me a little sense of the despair that the Ark in front of me would have faced.
In an instant, a circuit of hope began to turn in my head.
Maybe with one shot of this lie, I can get the elixir and the flag smoothly.
Could it be?
"But that's why your threats don't work."
Damn, then it is.
"Kyrgios can never come here."
"Why do you think so?"
The Ark smiled. It was a melodious smile that covered the surroundings like unpleasant moss.
"Because he is too strong."
Kyrgios is too strong.
It was a fact I knew too.
Indeed, because of that, Kyrgios couldn't defend 'Peace Land' in the sixth scenario, and had to watch his own planet be destroyed.
"All beings with mighty personalities have powerful stories. However, to intervene in the scenario here, they must let go of the stories they have lived through. But no being in the world dares to make such a choice. Except for me."
Only then did I find the reason why he, who is a great person, can maintain his possession on an incarnation.
I seemed to know.
In order to come here, he sacrificed the stories he had accumulated over many years.
Just as Yoo Jonghyuk chose to regress, the ark laid down all of his history to start the 'scenario' once again.
<!>[The constellation 'The First Sword of Goryeo' grabs his tongue.]
<!>[Constellation 'Bald General of Justice' goes to the place where the children play and asks what the senile Byul is doing.]
<!>[The constellation 'Maritime Admiral' shakes his head.]
I could see the fiercely twinkling stars through the open ceiling of Seoul Station.
However, despite the scoldings from the constellations, the ark remained calm.
"That's funny. Are those who are afraid to put down the story they have, and don't have the confidence to create the next story, so they just stay there, have the right to criticize me?
<!>[Some of the great-grade constellations criticize the attitude of 'The Last Ark'!]
<!>[A small number of great people-class constellations hold their tongues at the idea of 'The Last Ark'!]
"If you are dissatisfied, come down here too. If you have the courage to drop everything you have and start over from the gutter of the scenario."
<!>[The constellation 'two-legged expert' laughs at the guy who doesn't even have a few stories for talking fluently.]
<!>[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' points out that honestly, it's like reincarnation.]
<!>[The constellation 'Flying Dragon' declares that courage is praised, but don't expect coin sponsorship.]
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband watches the battle of nerves of the great constellations.]
Just as the audience on the stage becomes a spectacle for other spectators, the Ark has now become a prey for other stars.
Still, the Ark was smiling.
As if he was much prouder of himself on the ground than the stars in the sky.
"It's okay to criticize me. I will start anew here. Once again, I will regain the Murim of that time and the Beggar Sect of that time. I am still 'The Last Ruler' and my story will continue here."
<?>'Ark' ≈ 'ruler'.A constellation that puts down all their stories and returns to the beginning of the scenarios.
Perhaps it is to abandon the status of an omniscient reader and become a character.
It could be something similar.
I heard his story flowing quietly into my ears.
<&>「"Kyrgios. I will meet him again someday, and I will surely be recognized."」
<&>「"The Beggar Sect is still strong. It's not a group weak enough for you to ignore."」
The three waves of history he lived through were felt intact.
A story no one has ever read.
It was the story of an extra who was pushed to the periphery by the main characters of Murim.
<&>「"Why can't we be like them? Why did heaven allow only Kyrgios and Namgung Minyoung to exist in a special way?"」
<&>「"I will become a constellation. I can sell all my martial arts. If only I could stand side by side with the stars in the sky."」
<&>「"Stars of the great nebula. I will gladly become your servant, so please give me the blessing to ascend to the throne."」
Just as Sergeant Jung Munho committed himself to the Beggar Sect to survive, the Ark threw himself into a giant nebula to survive.
But he realized too late that it wasn't the story he wanted.
<&>「"Have you endured that humiliation just to be at this height?"」
He even broke the beliefs of his time as a human and became a constellation. However, when he became a constellation, there was a scenery that could be seen.
Above the great-grade was the narrative-grade, and above the narrative-grade was the myth-grade.
Even though he had finally risen to the top of the sky, the end of the universe could not be seen.
The Ark, who had lived only looking at the sky, looked down at the ground for the first time at that time.
Becoming a constellation, forgotten human dreams came to mind.
The time when he interacted with and chatted with people who were thrilled by small incidents, thirsty for small enlightenment, and who live at most 100 years. He recalled the dazzling and suffocating mortal history.
"It's amazing."
The ark was watching me.
"Do you understand me? You’re a disciple of Kyrgios."
He was right. I understood him now. As a constellation, he understood another sense of helplessness and the deep emptiness he faced through thorough sentences.
His eyes drew a soft arc at me.
"How can you understand internal narrative, having lived through a short history of only a few decades?"
Words that seemed to have received some kind of consolation.
I laughed bitterly and shook my head.
"I know that threats don't work. You came back here to be that person."
The Ark nodded his head.
"Yes."
"It won't be easy. Just because you put down an enemy, doesn't really mean all the stories you've had are gone."
"What do you mean?"
"Even if you start all over again, the history of losing to my master or the Pajeon Sword Saint will not disappear."
Even if he makes a new Beggar Sect, the stars will not forget the old Beggar Sect.
They would only remember the miserable state of the Beggar Sect, being pushed to the periphery after being defeated by Kyrgios and the Fallen Swordsman.
The ark frowned for the first time.
"I can change it. I can make great achievements here and receive the attention of more stars."
The ark was uplifting like an old actor who was blinded by the scenario.
Certainly, given the circumstances, he deserved his confidence.
He had already achieved the 'Purple Flag' and had the 'King's Road' just around the corner.
The new Beggar Sect has grown steadily with Seoul Station as its base, and has already become an influential group.
But I knew.
<&>「His failure was already recorded.」
He will not be the protagonist of the new world, he will fail to take revenge, and he will be forgotten.
It will be a story no one reads.
"At first, you were told I knew the future."
That's why, I.
<!>[The exclusive spell 'Incite Lv.5' is activated!]
I decided to try what I do best.
"The reborn Beggar Sect will be a win-win in the early scenarios."
At this rate, the Beggar Sect was over.
The star that fell to the ground with a grand meaning will eventually be teased by the constellations and self-inflicted.
Beggars are displaced, only plunder and lies with left.
Children will die brutally to adults who are no longer fooled.
"The Beggar Sect will have an advantage over the other groups and end the 'Capture the Flag', and you will finally follow the 'King's way' and participate in the Battle for the 'Absolute Throne'."
"Of course it is."
As if he knew that, the ark nodded his head.
My story started here.
"But your luck ends there. You, who have to fight as an incarnation, suffer the penalty of not being able to borrow the power of a stronger background. It may seem like you're ahead of other incarnations right now, but before the fight of the Absolute Throne is over, you and the Beggar Sect will reach their limit."
"It can't be. The Constellations participating in this war are only great-"
"Among the participants in the War for the Absolute Throne is the disciple of the Pajeon Sword Saint."
At my words, the eyes of the ark shook profoundly.
"Is that true?"
I nodded and continued.
"You will be defeated by him. The Beggar Sect will fall, and you will end up in pieces. And beheading your broken body is an unknown incarnation waiting for you to fall."
I thought about the Beggar Sect that disappeared without a word in 'Ways of Survival', and imagined the 'mad butcher' who might have been here.
"Like that, the Beggar Sect will perish forever."
"It can't be! You're-"
"If you don't want to face that future, you have one option."
The ark’s eyes trembled. Even if he was calm, he seemed impatient in front of the word extinction.
"Do you mean to bow my head to Kyrgios’s disciple?"
"No."
I said with a grin.
"Do you want to make an alliance?"
"An alliance."
"Pass the flag to me and we'll be a group."
Sparks flew in the eyes of the ark that was blankly staring at me.
"To me now, you dare…"
The waiting room began to vibrate faintly. A spark that bounces thinly. Even though he played around like this, he was still a constellation in the sky.
I cut him off before his anger took over.
"You said you wanted to build a great story that would suit the new Beggar Sect."
I know what he really wanted.
<&>「"Kyrgios. I will meet him again someday and I will surely be recognized."」
The Constellation that wanted to surpass Kyrgios more than anyone else, wanted to be acknowledged by him.
So now he will have a hard time resisting this temptation.
"If you hand over the elixir and flag of Murim that you have to me."
All I can give you is a lie that's nothing.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.5' is activated to the limit!]
But if he believes me.
"The 'disciple of Kyrgios' that brought you down will gladly be defeated by the Beggar Sect here today."
This will be a new story.
