<title>635 Episode 16 Mad Butcher (4)
The disciple of Kyrgios would be willing to lose to the Beggar Sect here today.
That word brought a heavy silence in the waiting room.
The Ark's pupils trembled with deep agitation, and the beggars guarding the back also widened their eyes.
The spotted boy who was sitting next to me holding his breath looked up at me wondering what was going on.
I still do not affirm the 'Beggar Sect'.
Still, I was moved by their stories.
I felt a certain charm in this material that was abandoned without being read properly. At least as a writer who read, wrote, and helped with the sentences of this world, I wanted to write their story because even one line would be good.
The Ark, which pondered the meaning of my words for a long time, asked.
"Will you lose? What does that mean?"
"Let’s fight."
"Fight?"
"Yes. In the way of Murim."
The Ark  nodded.
"You mean you're going to lose to us in the fight?"
"I didn't even say that."
The ark narrowed his eyes at my whirling answer.
But looking at me like that won't really look inside me.
Because that's the advantage of a narrow-eyed character.
"What are you…"
The moment the Ark, who had bitten his lips, was about to open his mouth again.
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' says it’s an interesting idea.]
The stars of Seoul twinkled.
<!>[The constellation 'Two-Legged Expert' sarcastically says that the Great Beggar Sect will reject the offer.]
<!>[The constellation 'The First Sword of Goryeo' is interested.]
<!>[The constellation 'Marine Admiral' feels nostalgic for old martial arts.]
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' likes to see the baton method after a long time.]
<!>[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' says that he also likes martial arts.]
<!>[A few constellations who remember Murim recall the Beggar Sect and the Kyrgios’s fight.]
<!>[A bounty scenario has arrived.]
+
<Bounty Scenario - Fight>
Classification: Sub
Difficulty: C+
Clear condition: Win by fighting against the Beggar Sect that appeared in the 8612 planetary system.
Time limit: 3 hours
Reward: Murim's Lesser Elixir
Failure: —
+
I saw a scattering of emotions in the Ark's expression, the feeling of being back on this terrible stretcher once again. The feeling of helplessness that the coffin of the stars became a distance. And the old nostalgia that comes from the old tradition of the stars.
Now the table is set, and all that remains is his decision. Counting the stars in the sky, the ark, who had been raising its head in awe, finally opened his mouth.
***
In conclusion, the ark accepted the proposal to fight.
With the constellations even offering a bounty scenario, he must have had no justification for refusing.
"We'll start in five minutes."
While the beggars were pushing the tables and chairs in the waiting room, I was re-reading the bounty scenario I received earlier.
Originally, it was a scenario that I would not have paid much attention to, but this time, the problem was the compensation for the scenario.
The reward for completing the bounty scenario is 'Lesser Elixir'.
The question is to what extent this 'lower' is 'lower'.
If it was a demon-level elixir full of impurities, even if it was received, it could not be used to heal Jung Eunho.
<&>「Perhaps the Ark has a hidden elixir.」
Taking an elixir at the start of a scenario and securing a certain level of magical power is an old cliché in martial arts.
The problem is that getting the elixir from him is much more difficult than simply defeating the Beggar Sect. What would Kim Dokja do?
Perhaps, again, he said plausible nonsense, and the profit was taken as it was, and the Ark flowed to the plate of self-heating by eating the bone.
<!>[The constellation 'Sneaky Schemer' expects your strategy.]
I'm not Kim Dokja, so I don't have the confidence to go that far.
I am the author Lee Hakhyun, and in the end, I have to solve this problem in the way of Lee Hakhyun.
"Good job. Good job."
When I turned around in shock, Sergeant Jung Munho was still walking around repeating the same words.
"Reader-nim."
I called Sergeant Jung Munho, thinking it was all right.
Sergeant Jung Munho, startled, looked at me.
"Yes."
He looked like a private in full military discipline.
"I think I need some help from you, reader-nim."
"Are you talking about the father role?"
"Please continue with that. This time, I'm asking you something different."
"What..."
"Are you good at fighting?"
Sergeant Jung Munho quickly hit the hammer, perhaps feeling an ominous feeling.
"It's not good. It's really bad."
"Good."
"Yes?"
"Soon there will be a fighting competition against the Beggar Sect."
"So what?"
"Please, reader-nim, be the first contestant."
"No, I can't fight?"
I said while lightly holding Sergeant Jung Munho's shoulder, who seemed to feel absurd.
"It's okay. You won't die. It's not a matter of life and death, so don't be nervous and try to get hurt as little as possible."
"No, if I lose then—"
"You can lose. Please lose."
"Yes?"
Early on, I saw Jung Heewon, Jung Eunho, and Sergeant Kim's party approaching.
After briefly exchanging glances with Jung Heewon, I looked around the waiting room.
The beggars who had heard the rumors were also gathering in the waiting room one by one.
The Ark stepped forward and said.
"Let’s start slowly."
Finally, the preparations of the beggars were over. A simple stage was installed in the center of the waiting room. The beggar in charge of being the referee went up to the center of the stage. It was about to start.
"There are three players each. It is a one-to-one game, and the first player to win twice wins. Any objection?"
"I don’t."
"You will regret it."
I laughed silently.
The Beggar Sect will do their best.
In order to defeat the proud pupils of Kyrgios and to avenge their past.
"You'll know when you see it."
"The first player on our side is one of the envoys."
After all, the beggars behind the Ark were the 'death'.
"I don't think it's the real deal."
"Yes, you are a sharp child."
Cheongae said as he watched Sageol go up the stage.
"He took the Fragment of the story that I had. I gave him the memory of one of the gangs, the Boggle Dog."
"You know he's not really a braggart."
"I know."
The ark nodded his head, and added after a brief pause.
"But if I believe so, he's a real braggart."
When the beggar in charge of being the referee raised his hand, Jung Moonho, who was in charge of our selection, went up to the main stage.
"The first match begins."
I was curious about the skills Sergeant Jung Moonho had.
Anyway, he is Jung Heewon's father.
Still, he must have at least one useful skill if he survived.
“Now, wait a minute. I really intend to fight him."
The beggar, who said he had received the memory of a braggart dog, rushed at him with a quick sound, ignoring Sergeant Jung Moonho's hand.
"Now, wait! Time!"
The stick he swung in an instant aimed at Sergeant Jung Moonho's head. Embarrassed, Sergeant Jung Moonho hurriedly withdrew his cup and waved his hands. Perhaps the beggar noticed the level of his opponent, but the beggar did not spread a vicious spray.
However, he overwhelmingly made fun of him, and when he was hit, he only picked and hit the sore spot.
"Ah! Aaaagh!"
Every time he was hit, Sergeant Jung Moonho jumped up and down like a rabbit. The beggars giggled at Sergeant Jung Moonho, who was beaten one-sidedly.
When Sergeant Kim cursed at the beggars, the beggars on the other side made mocking gestures.
I glanced back at Jung Heewon.
She silently watched her father fight. With her face devoid of any emotion, she put her hand on the hilt of her sword so she could get out at any moment.
"Ha, surrender! Surrender!"
In less than a minute, Sergeant Jung Moonho, who was black and bruised all over, surrendered.
The referee raised his hand.
"Stop the match! The first fight is the victory of the Beggar Sect!"
When the beggar smiled and lightly waved his stick toward the audience, the beggars onlookers cheered.
I jumped onto the stage and helped Sergeant Jung Moonho, who had fallen.
"Are you okay?"
"Ugh…"
"You're not hurt."
Sergeant Jung Moonho looked at me as if he was making a fuss. But you can't escape my eyes. In fact, he was barely injured.
I estimated what characteristics and skills he had through the information of Ways of Survival.
<&>「[Strong Bone] and [Heavy Bone].」
After all, there was a reason this reader survived until now.
Obviously, his fighting ability itself is not outstanding, but one of the cool things is so outstanding that Lee Hyunsung is delighted.
As expected, I thought it was Jung Heewon's father, but suddenly the sentence of 'Ways of Survival' came to mind again.
<&>「84th turn. Yoo Jonghyuk murmured as he watched the 'mad butcher' who did not collapse even after being hit by his sword.」
"You seem to have gotten bigger than the last time. Is it someone else?”
But he couldn't be sure. Strangely, his [sage's eye] did not work on that Mad Butcher.」
Sergeant Jung Moonho, feeling my gaze, asked.
"Why?"
"No, nothing."
After putting him on the bench, I went up to the stage, where the second contestant was already waiting.
"Are you second?"
"Is ark the second?"
The second contestant was the Ark.
He was, of course, an opponent I did not want to fight. Even with my eyes, I can see he is a stronger incarnation than me.
Even before the fight, the specs had improved, and the average overall ability had risen significantly.
I asked without showing any tension.
"How was the first match?"
From the moment the first match started, I couldn't take my eyes off the Ark's every move.
"You must have been disappointed. You probably didn't expect a performance like this."
To him, who was a master of Murim, all of this felt like child's play.
"It must be wrong to expect it."
But the Ark would not know.
That disappointment is also an intended emotion in this story.
"It can't be helped. The form of martial arts cannot be fully reproduced by a weak incarnation of the early stage of the scenarios."
"Of course it is."
"In that sense, why don't we change the way we fight the second match?"
"Change the way? How?"
"Since ancient times, there has been a fighting method that does not use internal energy at all. It is literally a fight to compete in the form of pure martial arts."
<!>[The constellation 'Flying Dragon' is listening to your story.]
As if he hadn't expected me to make such a proposal, the Dragon Head Ark opened his eyes wide.
"You're quite an expert in martial arts. Did Kyrgios teach you?"
"I haven't heard it from Master, but I've heard that it's a fighting method that martial artists often prefer."
Of course it was bullshit.
If I had been the incarnation of a munchkin who drank the elixir from the beginning of the scenario, I would of course have chosen a melee battle using magical powers.
"How about it. If this is the way to fight, the weak incarnations of the early stage of the scenarios will be able to compete with the depth of the martial arts."
Even a comment that appropriately stimulates the nostalgia of the Dragon Head.
After thinking for a moment, the dragon-headed ark nodded.
"Okay. I accept the offer. I won't use my strength in this confrontation."
Watching the referee's hand slowly go up, I finished my preparations in my mind.
In fact, the reason I chose this fighting method was simple.
If it was a confrontation using my inner strength, I would lose quickly without even competing with the Dragon's Head Ark.
<!>[Strength Lv.25 -> Strength Lv.40]
<!>[Strength level greatly increases!]
<!>[Agility Lv.25 ->  AgilityLv.40]
<!>[Agility level greatly increases!]
<!>[Stamina Lv.25 -> Stamina Lv.40]
<!>[Stamina level increases significantly!]
<!>[Magic Power Lv.20 -> Magic Power Lv.40]
<!>[Magic level increases significantly!]
<!>[A total of 36,500 coins have been used.]
<!>[A phenomenal coin usage achievement has been achieved!]
<!>[15,000 coins will be refunded.]
However, the story is a little different if it is a confrontation that competes for 'pure physical ability'.
As if he knew my intentions, the dragon head ark held a sneer.
"Do you think you can beat me just because your overall stats went up a bit?"
"Yes. This alone will be difficult."
No matter how much I had the [White and Blue River], my skill level was only 1. However, if this wasn't a battle of inner strength through magical powers, I also had a good chance of winning.
If there is no barrier of mana management, it is because I can mimic the 'depth' of the person I want with a high degree of plausibility.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.6' is activated to the limit!]
I slowly closed my eyes and thought of the person I wanted in my head.
And the next moment, my sense of awareness of my surroundings began to expand rapidly.
I recognized Seoul Station, Yongsangu with Seoul Station, the Korean Peninsula with Seoul, and the planet Earth with the Korean Peninsula.
I recognized the solar system, dreamed of the galaxy, and furthermore, an infinite universe without trillions of senses.
In a pale blue dot smaller than a speck of dust, I imagined the existence who imagines an infinite universe.
<!>[The smallest is the greatest.]
As I slowly opened my eyes, the darkness of the universe lifted.
The dragon head ark was glaring at me with strange eyes.
"You bastard-"
Maybe he's seeing a vision of a familiar man in me right now.
<&>「That day, a very short man appeared in front of the Beggar Sect.」
"Is this place the Beggar Sect?"
<&>「The man opened his mouth in a low-pitched voice, as if he were appreciating his high education.」
"You look shabbier than I heard."
From now on, I am Kyrgios Rodgraim.
