<title>637 Episode 16 Mad Butcher (6)
The ark's eyes were full of confusion. The reverberations of the scenery that enveloped him until the end still lingered.
Blinking slowly, a piece of the reverberation brushed the tip of his nose.
<&>「When Murim was still alive, Kyrgios, the white and blue gatekeeper,  and the dragon-headed ark met.」
The Ark was defeated, and he desperately vowed revenge, but in the end he never met Kyrgios again.
What he wanted was to fight Kyrgios once again in Murim.
However, Kyrgios achieved transcendence and went beyond the distant sky, and he chose the path of a constellation, abandoning most of his human emotions.
That's why I made this story.
To release the long-cherished wish of a star that could not be fulfilled.
Where the ark wants, in the form the ark wants. To meet Kyrgios and have him fight once again.
The ark, who had come all the way, aimed a broken batting ball at me.
"Tell me, why did you show me this scenery?"
If he hits with the baton now, I won't be able to avoid it.
Outside of the stage, Jung Heewon was seen putting her hand on the hilt of her sword.
I tried to dissuade her with the look in my eyes and then told the ark.
"You already know, don't you?"
"I know?"
The ark stared blankly at me.
"There was a story, and now it's over. That's all I have to say."
His baton was pointed at me and trembled faintly.
<!>[The constellation 'Last Hero of the Yellow Mountain Bee' is silent.  ]
<!>[The constellation 'King Heungmu the Great' sighs.]
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' wipes his  head quietly.]
His lips opened slowly.
"I am..."
<!>[The constellation 'Goryeo’s First Sword' asks the last ruler to show the dignity of the stars.]
The ark suddenly raised his head at the indirect message that came from the air.
There was deep resentment in his eyes as he gazed up at the sky.
"Personality? Is it quality?"
A mournful voice.
Looking at that ark, I thought about the reason why he decided to come down to this earth.
<&>「What is the reason why the last ark came into the scenarios?」
Did he come down only to resurrect the Beggar Sect?
Maybe.
This naive star might have believed that he could become stronger if he really started from the beginning of the scenarios.
So, it may be that he participated in this ordeal in order to develop his strength to once again challenge Kyrgios and the Slashing Swordsman in the sky.
<&>「"The paradox of white-blue and the Pajeon Swordsman. I will meet them again someday, and I will surely be acknowledged."」
But there was a contradiction in his story.
<!>[The constellation 'Maritime Admiral' says it's okay to be honest.]
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' shakes her head slowly.]
Why did he bother to start all over again?
If the purpose was simply to meet Kyrgios or the celestial swordsman and seek revenge, it would have been possible while maintaining the status of a constellation.
"What do you know about talking like that? I am different from you. I mean, I'm right here. Unlike you who watch from across the sky—"
The gaze of the ark, who had been looking around wildly, stopped. Following his gaze, I saw a spotted boy near the stage.
<&>「The possessed body of the 'ark' right in front of me is the father of the spotted boy.」
<!>[The constellation 'King Heungmu the Great' says that if you really wanted to be proud, starting with 'Possessed Body' is a mistake.]
<!>[Very few constellations point out the contradiction of the ark.]
This time, the stars were right.
If the ark was really proud, he should have been reincarnated as an ordinary incarnation.
In other words, he didn't really risk his all.
The sparks bouncing out of the air right now were proof of that.
Tchutsutsutsu.
He came down to the ground for a while, but he was still a spectator of this story, just a momentary happening, and he was just a spectator on the stage.
The spectator opened his mouth to the other members of the audience.
"Yes, you guys are right."
A light thunderclap could be heard from across the distant sky, and rain poured through a hole in the ceiling of Seoul Station.
As the entire curtain began to get wet, the outline of a huge stone covered with a cloth was revealed on the side of the stage.
I immediately recognized the stone.
<&>「A meteorite.」
Perhaps that meteorite was the culprit that made a hole in the ceiling of Seoul Station.
The Ark looked at the meteorite for a moment.
That meteorite that suddenly fell from the sky, as if it were him.
The rain-soaked head of the ark slowly fell to the floor.
"I just ran away."
One thing he knows, I know, and the constellations know is that he didn't come here for an honorable cause, nor did he come here for the solemn carpenter.
He was just running away from the context of the constellations.
Despairing at the height of the sky he had to climb, he was just a star that had fallen to the ground.
Even in the midst of that, leaving behind a rope to return to the sky.
"I... just."
"You must have just wanted to see the story. Just like other constellations do."
The ark lifted his head and saw me.
"Just a little closer."
You could call him cowardly.
You could say it was pathetic, it was lousy, it was just an escape from reality.
But everyone dreams of vicarious satisfaction and catharsis.
Just as Kim Dokja reads 'Ways of Survival' featuring Yoo Jonghyuk,  the constellations watch the stories of the Star Stream.
Just as Uriel and other constellations had no choice but to watch the story of Kim Dokja.
A being reads a story and becomes someone other than itself several times.
Because without that, you can't live in this crazy world.
"Do you see this story well now?"
There are those who want to run away but do not have the courage to run away.
The reason why the constellations envied him was probably because at least the ark had the courage to run away.
As if dizzy, the ark put his hand on his head and asked me.
"Who the hell are you? What do you want, why do you do this to me..."
"What I want is."
What I want has already been said.
A summons level elixir and the purple flag he possesses.
But that's probably not the answer he's looking for right now.
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice is waiting for your answer.]
<!>[Very few constellations listen to you.]
The constellations were watching over me.
Everyone is waiting for the point of this story.
I opened my mouth.
"A discussion."
<!>[The constellation 'The First Sword of Goryeo' groans.]
Ark's eyes slowly widened.
"I am a member of the political faction, and I want an agreement of the Beggar Sect, which was an old faction."
Righteousness.
It is the old banner of Murim, and a word that no one speaks anymore.
The ark's lips twisted slightly.
Was it funny that I said such a thing when I was wet in the rain? Or was it that he was miserable when he heard those words?
However, the voice that came out of his mouth after that, as if it was okay now, was released.
"You’re a disciple of Kyrgios."
Very slowly, I felt something tickling in my heart.
It was a feeling I felt after a long time.
<&>「No one here died, and we came all this way.」
Was this how I felt when you stayed up all night writing a chapter and finally got the end right in front of me?
The Ark sighed lightly and opened his mouth.
"You said you wanted an elixir."
The beggars around us could be seen cheering at the sudden declaration of the ark. The owner of the ark restrained such beggars with his hand and continued.
"And the flag."
I nodded.
"Don’t you think that greed is excessive?"
"It's because I can't go on without being greedy."
"Arrogant guy. Keep it in mind, you've been overly lucky today."
As he muttered that, he moved to the edge of the stage and approached me holding the purple flag erected there.
"Are you confident? Receiving this flag means that you have to take responsibility for the 'Beggar Sect' I created. There are three hundred beggars following me here."
I followed the gaze of the ark and slowly looked around. The beggars surrounding the stage were watching us, their eyes filled with fear and horror.
Three hundred.
It was more than all the incarnations in Chungmuro Station put together.
"Are you ready to accept them as your family?"
Honestly, I wasn't sure.
I am a person who has never been a class leader even when I was young, but in order to become a 'king', I have to eventually have a group and grow my power.
I know. This will eventually become my homework.
"All I can do is try my best to get you out of here."
The Ark cast a fierce glance at me.
"That's not enough."
"I'm the disciple of the Kyrgios. Don't expect more than that."
"How long will you be-"
The Ark, who was still glaring at me, added with a light sigh.
"If you aren’t really Kyrgios' disciple, you will be killed by him a hundred times more."
I guess so.
It may already be over at the point of impersonating Kyrgios’s disciple.
Anyway, there's something I want to make clear about this.
"By the way, when you say I accept the Beggar Sect as family members, does it include you?"
In fact, it would be all the better for now if he would just come under my command.
No matter how great a Constellation is, he is a 'constellation', so I somehow managed to throw it away because it was a fight that didn't use my inner power, but if it was a real confrontation, I wouldn't have lasted more than thirty seconds.
<&>「But is that an ending suitable for the end of this turn?」
I know I shouldn't say this. Still, I couldn't help but open my mouth.
"I want you to go back to your original place. You still have a place in the sky. You came here not as an incarnation, but as a possession."
After all, all stories exist to return readers to their original world.
"I am—"
Just as he read my story, I also read his story.
Only those who have lived splendid stories like Kyrgios, Pacheon Swordsman, or Yoo Jonghyuk can talk about 'the best life'.
Even if he lived this way and that way and lived a pitiful story, the ark in front of me was also a star in the sky.
"You finally got there through your efforts. Even if you lose the Beggar Sect, lose Murim, and even lose your vengeance, the story you built up to get there doesn't become meaningless."
"You arrogant incarnation bastard. How dare you teach a constellation?"
Did I cross the line too much?
But the ark didn't look very angry. He looked at me once, then looked up at the sky again.
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' nods.]
Then he said in a weary voice.
"Take the flag. And, the elixir-"
It was then that sparks flew out of the air. At first, I thought it was just an effect of excessive use of the probability of the possessed body.
"The medicine."
The ark's expression was strange.
Instinctively, I jumped up from where I was standing.
"The original price is wrong."
Amidst the sound of rain hitting my ears, I heard the sound of something ominous opening its mouth. When I raised my head reflexively, I saw a blackish-swaying portal above the sky over Seoul Station.
The Great Hall!
However, the fifth scenario had not yet started, and only monsters of a lower species could cross over that 'hole', so—
<&>「Wrong. There was one more thing that could come over.」
I reflexively looked at the meteorite that fell in the center of Seoul Station.
An ominous feeling flickered in my mind.
<&>「Where did 'The Last Ark' borrow the probability of the possessed body?」
If that meteorite.
<&>「What constellation dares to lend probability to him?」
If it flew from the 'other world'.
Tsutsutsutsutsutsutsu!
The dark red magic that flowed from the meteorite wrapped around the dragon head ark and the dead.
The ark floating in the air was talking to me.
"Don't interrupt the story."
A voice that gives goosebumps just by hearing it. It was not the ark that dwelled in it. The eyes of the eroded dragon head ark were dyed black.
"You foolish world recorder."
It wasn't a mantra. Even so, hearing that voice made my stomach rumble and turn over.
I now realize who is saying it.
'An Outer God.'
When you think about it, it was natural.
No matter how much he put down his rank, what 'constellation' could possess an incarnation in the early scenarios?
Of course, I was expecting something like this to happen.
When I looked back, Jung Heewon was running toward me. I could see Sergeant Jung Moonho behind her, and her younger brother Jung Eunho on her back.
<&>「How was this story originally destined to end?」
It seemed like a pitch black story was flowing from the whole body of the ark, but it soon covered the entire stage.
"That kind of story."
The black-stained floor boiled over as if to swallow me.
"We don't go along."
<!>[The constellation 'Maritime Admiral' warns you of danger!]
<!>[The constellation 'Goryeo’s First Sword' is screaming!]
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice'...]
…
<!>[The constellation 'the last ruler' apologizes to you.]
I ignored the messages from the constellations and ran forward.
Dangerous or not, the only chance was now.
If I was really destined to die, the snow field would have already been activated.
<!>[Exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.6' is activated!]
When  [Incite] was activated twice in a row, the muscles of my whole body seemed to be torn apart.
My eyes were bloodshot, and a stinging pain arose in my heart.
But I didn’t stop.
<!>['Thoughts of almost everything' mimicks 'Broken Faith (mass production type)'!]
'Thoughts' was changed to 'Broken Faith'.
<!>[Exclusive Skill 'White Blue Steel Lv.1' is activated!]
I activated the special option of [Broken Faith] learned from LiteraryGirl64.
<!>[The Blade of Faith activates!]
The strongest anti-personnel weapon that I can use now.
<&>「Now, the power to control the body is flowing from that meteorite.」
In other words, if only the meteorite is removed, the ark will no longer be able to use his power.
"No use."
The new model of the dragon head ark blocked the front as if he had been waiting for it.
I swung my sword without hesitation.
Kuddudd!
The blow of my conversion was blocked in vain by the sword wielded by the Dragon's Head Ark.
I expected it.
No matter how strong the combo of [White and Blue Steel] and 'Broken Faith' was, the enemy now was a crazy monster mixed with the spirit of the constellation and the divine protection of the other world.
Tsutsutsuchu!
At least while he was able to throw away that probability, even if Yoo Joonghyuk came, it would be difficult for him to deal with him, let alone me.
But I laughed.
"It's no use."
Because I have already achieved my goal.
<!>[You have obtained the 'Seoul Station Group' flag.]
My purpose from the beginning was not to remove the meteorite.
<!>[Your 'white flag absorbs the cumulative achievement value of the 'purple flag'.]
<!>[Your 'white flag' evolves into a 'purple flag'.]
It was to pick up a flag that had fallen on the floor.
<&>「With the effect of the purple flag, we have gained control over the Seoul Station group.」
I've always been curious.
Is the 'god of another world' existing outside the scenario strong, or is the probability of the system constituting the scenario in this world stronger?
I could see the eyes of the dragon head Ark staring at me slowly widening.
I smiled at the guy and opened my mouth.
"Kneel down, you motherfucker."
<!>['Punishment' is used.]
