<title>643 Episode 18 Father (1)
<&>「"Dad's face? I can't remember it anymore. It seems like he hasn't been there from the beginning. What about it? We have Ahjussi."」
—Beast Lord Shin Yoosoung.
***
If possible, I wanted to hear more about the situation from Ye Hyunwoo, but I couldn't ask because the communication was cut off immediately.
I went straight to Gwanghwamun. Fortunately, Seoul Station and Gwanghwamun are two stops by subway.
It was a distance that could be reached in thirty minutes.
Grrr.
If only I hadn't run into that group in the middle.
Gee ying!
I mimicked the 'thought' into Broken Faith and activated 'Blade of Faith'.
Being able to regenerate such consumable items over and over again thanks to 'thought' was a big advantage.
Aaaagh!
With the lightly wielded blade of faith, the crowd quickly was cleared.
I definitely felt stronger than before.
Although there was a sudden increase in overall ability, the opportunity gained while treating Jung Eunho was great.
<!>[Attribute 'circulation delay' is activated!]
Characteristic circulatory retardation.
In the process of enduring Jung Eunho's coin incubation together, unexpected new things were obtained.
It was a good income.
Unfortunately, it was not a well-known martial arts characteristic like the Cheonmujiche or Thai Yin-Yangjiche, but it was a useful trait for me now in terms of increasing the efficiency of magic circulation.
<!>[The constellation 'Goryeo's First Sword' is interested in your growth rate.]
Thanks to the efficiency of the circulatory delay, it is now possible to maximize 'Broken Faith' until it is broken.
Even if I maintain the 'blade of faith' as an output, there was no lack of magic power.
After sweeping through the crowd, I looked around and spoke in a loud voice.
"Come out! You can take these!"
Then, some incarnations hiding between the building and the smoking booth secretly stuck their heads out.
As I inserted my weapon as to reassure them, a relieved incarnation approached me and asked.
"Can I really take it?"
He looked down at me with suspicious eyes.
At the beginning of the scenarios, monsters were a very useful material.
In particular, their bones can be used as a weapon that can be shot quite well if processed, so it was a monster welcomed by wanderers.
"Yes. Take it."
"Thank you..."
As the man gestured toward the back, three men appeared out of nowhere and quickly began dismantling the monster.
Even while Kim Dokja and his colleagues broke through the main scenario, most of the incarnations would have lived their lives this way.
While watching their monster dismantling process, I pointed out some dismantling points from 'Ways of Survival'.
"This place? Ah."
The man immediately nodded his head several times as if he understood what I was saying.
The man who looked at the monster’s neatly trimmed horns and said in admiration.
"You're familiar with monsters."
"I've been grooming it a few times."
Hearing that, he hesitated for a moment as if he was thinking, then looked back and cried out.
"Come out here everyone! Say hello!"
It seems that the group of men was not all three young men.
The women and children who appeared hesitantly belatedly bowed their heads in this direction.
"Thank you!"
All of them were guilty of the hard homeless life.
I wonder if there are readers among them. Should I say it was fortunate that there were no readers?
"Hey, can I ask for your name?"
"I am Cheon Inho."
"I am Kim Nakmoon. The people in the back are my friends and cousins."
"I see."
Judging from the line of movement, these are obviously incarnations from Gwanghwamun.
Maybe they know about what's going on in Gwanghwamun.
Kim Nakmoon hesitantly checked my appearance and asked in a cautious voice.
"By the way... Are you a 'king'?"
The unexpected insight surprised me a little.
"Why do you think so?"
"Aside from their ability to defeat monsters, ordinary incarnations rarely travel alone. More than anything... it seems like you're heading to Gwanghwamun."
You inferred that I was a king based on that information alone?
Did you say this person's name was Kim Nakmoon?
No matter how much I think about it, he is a character who has never appeared in the book.
<&>「Inspector Kim Nakmoon.」
The information of the Ways of Survival naturally followed.
<&>「The Inspector acted at Yoo Joonghyuk’s subordinate in some turns with Bicheonhori.」
The text flowed in my head like a video in front of my eyes.
<&>「"I'm sorry, Captain. I don't think I can be with you this time. I have to protect my family."」
Apparently, the man was Yoo Joonghyuk’s subordinate in a certain round.
The reason why he was not chosen by Yoo Joonghyuk in this turn was probably because of his family.
"I don't know if you know, but kings from all over the world are gathering at Gwanghwamun. We're from there too."
As expected, it seemed that the kings had already begun to riot.
There were many readers who knew the future in this world.
Perhaps the kings who heard the information spread by the readers are gathering in Gwanghwamun one after another.
"I’m only saying this to my benefactor, but if possible, don’t go there. The atmosphere in Gwanghwamun is unusual."
Kim Nakmoon touched the back of his trembling hand as if he was afraid of something.
"A powerful king from the Gangbuk area has united his forces. He's plotting to annihilate the rest of the kings in one fell swoop. It should have started now."
A mighty king.
I said the first name that came to mind.
"Is the king's name Yoo Joonghyuk by any chance?"
"Yoo Joonghyuk…?"
Looking at his expression, it doesn't look like it.
Well, because Yoo Joonghyuk’s solo play is the rule.
Then who is it?
"I'm sorry, but I can't tell you the king's name."
Only then did I notice the faint purple sparks running through his body.
It was not a probability spark.
"Have you escaped from that king’s group?"
Traces of 'punishment' left all over the body.
These are the fugitives who took the punishment and broke away from the king's group.
Perhaps the 'King' put a special kind of restriction on the fugitives to not say his name.
Looking at Kim Nakmoon, who bowed his head in silence, I opened my mouth.
"If you have nowhere else to go, go towards Seoul Station."
"Seoul Station?"
Kim Nakmoon raised his head suddenly and asked me.
"Are you… the king of Seoul Station?"
I added my contact information—actually Cheon Inho’s contact—so that he would not be frightened.
"All you have to do is say that you came with my introduction. If you don't feel like it, you don’t have to join the group. The people there will definitely accept you without discrimination."
Kim Nakmoon, who was hesitant, bowed his head and expressed his gratitude.
Inspector Kim Nakmoon.
I don't know if he will join the Seoul Station group or not.
Either way, it wasn't a bad thing to have a relationship with this character now.
***
About 20 minutes later, I arrived safely at Gwanghwamun.
I was amazed at the scenery of the city, which was reminiscent of my memory.
I also remembered the memories of the days when I was Lee Hakhyun.
When I was majoring in literature, I often visited a large bookstore in Gwanghwamun with my university classmates.
I wonder if there are friends among my classmates who have possessed this world.
I smiled bitterly to myself and shook my head.
Probably not.
I can still vividly remember the look on their faces when I told them I was writing a web novel. They wouldn't have read it, so naturally they wouldn't be here.
Looking at the scenery in front of my eyes, I'm rather glad they're not here.
The main streets of Gwanghwamun, where protesters and riot police once stood, were now full of bloodstains from incarnations and monsters. Vehicles were lined up all over the boulevard, broken in a mess, and corpses that had not been cleaned were often seen.
There were many people killed by the monsters, but as we got closer to the center of Gwanghwamun, we could see more corpses.
After passing through the plaza and entering the road leading to the National Palace Museum, large tents began to catch my eye.
Above the tent, makeshift flags fluttered in the wind, presumably a temporary shelter built by King Magak's forces.
"What, that bastard."
The incarnations near the curtain sent a wary look toward me.
As Kim Nakmoon said, the atmosphere is flimsy.
Among them, at first glance, there were incarnations who seemed to be quite talented.
Could it be because of the awakening of the circulatory system?
Even though [Character List] was not used, I could feel the energy of the incarnations.
In particular, the incarnation who was sitting on the bench over there had an unusual energy.
A huge bow on his back and a sword on his waist.
The moment our eyes met, I realized who he was.
<!>[The constellation 'The last hero of the Gyebaek' is watching you.]
The incarnation of Gyebaek, King Chu.
In Omniscient Reader, he was an incarnation who lost his life to Kim Dokja, but in this turn, he managed to save his life.
In addition to that, I looked at the power of the kings who had settled in various places in Gwanghwamun.
I'm sure Ji Eunyoo is somewhere around here.
At the banquet, I made an appointment with her to meet her at Gwanghwamun.
But when I thought about it, Gwanghwamun was too wide.
We should have decided to meet in front of a bookstore or something specific.
I was about to call Ji Eunyoo's name, but instead I thought of shouting out a password that only the two of us knew.
But what do we know?
After thinking about it for a while, I decided to give it a try.
"… Genius editor!"
For reference, genius editor is the nickname Ji Eunyoo used at Kim Dokja's banquet.
Was my shout heard?
A response came from several groups who heard me.
Among them, there was one group that showed a peculiar reaction.
The man who had walked along with his gang spoke to me with a stern expression on his face.
"There bro."
Feeling a bit afraid, I asked the man.
"Ji Eunyoo-ssi?"
"Hmm? What are you talking about?"
Fortunately, it wasn't Ji Eunyoo.
"It's nothing. What's the matter?"
"Which group do you belong to?"
"Seoul Station."
In response to my answer, the man looked at my behavior as if he was surprised.
"Seoul Station. Where that group of beggars is located?"
The man lightly touched his chin, and he continued as if he had made up his mind.
"Come under us. You look like a runaway. With our group, we can push around Seoul Station."
"Who is the leader of your group?"
"It's King Maitreya. You must have heard of him."
King Maitreya.
Of course I know.
The incarnation of 'one-eyed Maitreya' and one of the '7 kings' of Seoul.
"What if I refuse?"
"The number of corpses will increase by one."
The men surrounded me with great momentum.
If you can't have them, you’ll kill them right away.
Indeed, by the fourth scenario, is everyone saying that murder is nothing?
In the past, I would have backed away, but now I don't have any particular intention of avoiding it.
At least now, I had the confidence to fight and defeat Kim Dokja.
Since the fourth scenario has already begun, it might not be a bad idea to get the head start.
"There, wait."
It was then that a low, thick voice was heard among the men.
The man who was intimidating me muttered, "What kind of guy are you?" and turned around.
The first thing I saw was a purple flag fluttering splendidly. There were also incarnations lined up to protect the flag.
And one of them, running round and round by their side.
The puppet rat hovered around the incarnations for a long time, as if it were a joke, and then rubbed against the middle-aged man's leg near the flag.
The men who confirmed the middle-aged man's face soon shouted in frightened voices and scattered
"Bald King."
I can tell what kind of group it is just by hearing the king's name.
As I waved my hand in welcome, Ye Hyeonwoo, who was next to the bald king, ran towards me.
"Inho-ssi!"
Chungmuro Group. Fortunately, our reader seemed to have settled down safely in Gwanghwamun.
<!>[The 'Character List' has been updated.]
The moment I saw Ye Hyunwoo, a strange message came to my mind.
<!>[The corresponding person's update has been completed.]
<!>[Do you want to check the person's information?]
Originally, until now, it was impossible to use [Character List] for characters possessed by readers.
"Inho-ssi. Are you okay?"
Ye Hyeonwoo, who had fully adapted to this world, was holding my hands and making a worried face.
But I couldn't help but smile at him.
Since when was it?
<!>['List of characters' is activated]
The 7th apostle Ye Hyeonwoo became a character.
