<title>656 Episode 19 People of the Past (8)
<&>「The silent blade moved, and no one could see it.」
The extremely compressed sense of time slowly returned, and a light spark flew from the right hand holding the sword.
<!>[A constellation that has not yet revealed their modifier is looking at you.]
I couldn't hear the screams of the incarnations or the sound of weapons clashing anymore.
All the signs that were running towards me also disappeared.
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' opens his mouth.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' says, that the incarnation Cheon Inho is actually hiding his power, and his eyes light up.]
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' feels deep sadness from your sword.]
While the sound of something falling on the floor echoed one after another, no one shared the same eye level as me.
I was alone.
Probably like Yoo Jonghyuk always did.
<!>[The constellation 'Maritime War God' is amazed at your martial arts.]
<!>[The constellation 'First sword of Goryeo'...]
<!>[A handful of constellations sponsored 1,000 coins for your action.]
A sense of limitless omnipotence and superiority dwelling in the body.
This was Yoo Jonghyuk.
For a moment, I felt someone in the distant sky watching me.
<!>[A constellation wrapped in a veil slows down.]
When I suddenly raised my head at the unfamiliar hostility, my eyes disappeared somewhere.
A tingling feeling of fatigue.
I have already experienced the side effects of [Incite] through [Sentence Reinforcement].
If I procrastinate here any longer, I'll be eaten up by [Incite] like last time.
Tsutsutsutsut.
<!>['Incite' is canceled.]
A terrifying recoil rushed through my body. Blood trickled down from my mouth.
It was a really grueling experience. It's just the weight of Yoo Jonghyuk in the very beginning, and that's a momentary [incite].
Even if it was, is it this much?
Even after the skill was unlocked, I felt something like Yoo Jonghyuk’s remnant in my head.
It was a joke.
I lightly wiped my lips with one hand and looked down at the floor.
"Uh. Aaaaaaaa!"
A scream that rang out a beat late.
Gu Taesung was lucky. The legs of the guy were rolling on the floor. Stopping the pouring blood, he was looking up at me with red eyes.
The emotion in his eyes quickly turned to fear.
Gu Taesung, perhaps forgetting the pain, began to servilely pray.
"Save me! Save me!"
I approached the guy.
Looking at his terrified face reminded me of Dansu ahjussi’s face. Dansu ahjussi, who had blank eyes.
Gu Taesung was full of wounds, and a man who lost his mind was looking for his daughter.
"It's all because of Dansu ahjussi."
They made Dansu ahjussi that way. They ruined the life of an innocent ahjussi who was searching for his daughter in this world.
<&>「They must be killed.」
The remnants of Yoo Jonghyuk inside of me were saying that.
"Ho, are you by any chance a reader?"
Gu Taesung suddenly lifted his head and said while holding onto my trousers.
"Save me. Please, please save me! We're from the same world."
The moment I saw the trembling face looking up at me, I realized who this man was.
This man is not 'old-fashioned'.
"I am also a person who has read 'The Book of Revelation'. I really enjoyed it."
"…"
"It's all a misunderstanding... It's a misunderstanding! I'm different from the others! I didn't read all of them illegally, and I paid for a lot of them!"
Like a condemned prisoner confessing his sins for the last time before he dies, he continued to talk.
"I want to live. I want to live. Please. I want to go back home. I didn't want to come to a place like this."
As he said that, he shed tears as if he was overwhelmed.
"Uh, I miss Mom and Dad. Fuck. I didn't want to do this either. Just, just to survive somehow..."
How old was this man?
Where did he live and what did he do?
I do not know. Then and now, this man was a complete stranger to me.
<&>「So maybe, this is the last chance to kill this man.」
The moment I make up my mind and fixed 'Broken Faith' again.
"I will do it."
Shin Yoosoung passed me by and said.
"I have to practice too."
Practice.
"To survive."
Shin Yoosoung's voice was low when she said that. I couldn't see the child's expression, but I could see why.
Shin Yoosoung's eyes would be golden now.
"You don't want to do that, ahjussi."
Is it small? Shin Yoosoung's small back as she spat those words made me feel the years I did not know. She must have been a child who had only lived for ten years.
I grabbed Shin Yoosoung's shoulder.
"I'll do it."
In the meantime, Gu Taesung dragged his butt and retreated to the edge. But he had nowhere to run.
<!>['Relocate' will begin in 1 minute.]
If he gets out of this 'safe area' anyway, he will be burned to death.
Gu Taesung, perhaps realizing his situation, began to pray again.
"Please help me. I really didn’t want to do this either. They said that if I just performed my role well, I would be sent home."
"What do you mean by that?"
The one possessed by Gu Taesung was a member of the 'Misreading association'.
But I don't know how the 'Misreading association' came to this world.
They were not readers who purchased and read the entire book, nor were they participants in 'Kim Dokja's Banquet'.
Then, how did they possess this world?
Gu Taesung swallowed his breath at the sharpness of the blade pressing down on his throat.
"Who brought you here?"
"That, that's…"
Gu Taesung opened his mouth again, as if he had made up his mind on something.
"Kim Dok—"
Tsutsutsutsutsutsutsu!
Suddenly, his whole body jumped up like an electrocuted fish. The boy's lips were on fire.
Something was controlling the guy's right to speak.
<!>['Relocate' will begin in 30 seconds.]
Gu Taesung, who twisted his body as if in pain, managed to part his lips.
"I'm sorry. I can't tell you that. I'll do anything else instead. Anything I can—"
I looked down at such a man, and the remnants of the Yoo Jonghyuk that remained in my head did not speak to me anymore. Maybe it was because my heart was a little weak, but what came to my mind instead was the memory of Dansu ahjussi.
<&>「"No matter how much it is in a novel, I don't want to kill anyone."」
After the scenarios started, ahjussi hadn't killed anyone until now. Even now, when he lost his reason and became a monster, he kept repeating the words "I won't kill you".
Obviously, the fragment of Kim Dokja inside ahjussi must be the best and purest piece of Kim Dokja.
<&>「"Because it's a novel that my daughter liked."」
I slowly lowered the sword that I was raising.
<!>[After 20 seconds, 'Rearrangement' will begin.]
Gu Taesung's complexion brightened.
"Thank you! Thank you!" Gu Taesung shed tears of relief and put his hand on his chest.
"I-I don't have much, but even this-"
The moment I tried to say I didn't need it, I felt my bones soften.
Something was approaching at great speed.
Shin Yoosoung caught me as if she felt something strange, and I also covered Shin Yoosoung as if to protect her.
The magic wave that flew in with a squeaking sound.
I reflexively grasped 'Broken Faith'.
<!>[Broken Faith's durability has run out.]
In an instant, I realized something.
<&>「This is not an attack aimed at us.」
The magic wave passed me and Shin Yoosoung, and blew Gu Taesung's neck.
It was a tragedy that took place without a chance to stop it.
The magic, that came into the safe area in an instant, turned Gu Taesung's hair into a green circle.
"It’s still backing down." A familiar voice said.
A man in a black coat was there.
Quite a handsome face for an extra.
A unique way of speaking that imitates Yoo Jonghyuk.
The king of kings doesn't act that way. What's the point of worrying about killing the wicked?
I saw a woman standing next to him as if in trouble, nodding at me.
I remembered the last conversation I had with her.
There was a calm turmoil in my heart.
<!>[Safe area is activated]
<!>[Entrance capacity: 4/4]
<!>['Relocation' begins.]
The apostle siblings.
The 2nd Apostle Killer King and Literature Girl 64 participated in the War of the Absolute Throne.
***
The relocation lasted exactly one minute or so.
As the raging fire burned everything in the 'safe zone', the maze moved and the composition of the passage changed.
As soon as the relocation was over, Killer King found the body of Gu Taesung, who was rolling nearby.
"Look. This guy had other plans."
In Killer King's hand, there was a 'poison bomb'
I remembered the expression on the face of Gu Taesung as he put his hand in the customs for the last time.
Was it really a bomb that Gu Taesung was trying to take out?
Killer King added, as if he had read my expression.
"Don't feel guilty. Just think that a person you don't know is dead. You don't grieve over someone dying on the other side of the globe."
Clearly he was a stranger to me. I don't know his name, his face, or where he lives.
"They used anonymity to commit crimes. No need to sympathize."
Is it really a problem that can be overcome?
What would you say if you were Dansu ahjussi?
I pursed my lips in search of words several times, but I did not know what to say.
Perhaps, it's because I don't have a fragment of the real Kim Dokja'.
"Have you been doing anything in the meantime?"
Instead of talking about strangers, I decided to talk about people I knew.
"Hmm."
Killer King, who picked up the items in Gu Taesung's arms, stood up.
A flag was tied to his forearm like an armband.
Black flag.
As expected, Killer King has completed all of the 'King's Way' scenarios.
It was natural.
He is the second apostle who has read the 'Omniscient Reader' over a hundred times and his sponsor is the archangel Jophiel.
"It was a lot of work."
As expected, Killer King, who checked my flag, was looking at Shin Yoosoung.
"Looks like there's been a lot going on there too."
We briefly shared what had happened so far.
Things after clearing the theater dungeon and being scattered in Chungmuro.
There were places I didn't know about at all along Killer King's route, and there were hidden pieces that I hadn't even thought of.
I also briefly described the events that had occurred.
Things from going to Seoul Station to meeting the Beggar Sect, coming to Gwanghwamun and entering the dungeon.
When I finally brought up the story of Dansu ahjussi, Killer King let out a short sigh.
"If it's Dansu, you mean the old man who was looking for his daughter."
"You're right."
“It's difficult. The scenario is very different from the original."
"..."
"In order to obtain the death sword, seven star jewels are required. But if the man has five…"
When he brought up the story, I wondered if I done anything wrong.
It reminded me of Killer King who killed Gu Taesung without hesitation.
"As a reminder, if you're thinking of attacking Dansu ahjussi—"
"Why do you think I would?"
Killer King frowned as if slightly offended.
"The only enemy of the Seven Apostles is the Misreading association. I won't attack anyone else."
It looked like he had already killed a lot for that kind of thing, but there was no need to make useless tackles right away.
"Anyway, at this rate, there's a high chance that guy will collect all seven star jewels."
I think so too.
Even now, the Misreading association, who is scattered all over the maze, is trying to feed the man with the remaining star jewels.
They will be looking for opportunities.
"The guys from the Misreading association must be planning on summoning the death sword with the man as a sacrifice and only steal the item."
"We have to find ahjussi before they do."
<!>[2 hours and 58 minutes left until the relocation.]
There was still a lot of free time until the next relocation.
The problem is that the entire 'labyrinth' is reset, making it impossible to know the location of Dansu ahjussi.
"I need a guide. Do you have any related skills or attributes?"
However, neither Killer King nor Literature Girl  64 had the relevant skills or characteristics.
Literature Girl 64 and Shin Yoosoung were looking at each other a few steps away.
Killer King licked his lips.
"The composition of the party is really bad. At this time, Yoo Sangah or Lee Gilyoung should have been there."
Surely that was right.
In <Kim Dokja’s Company>, there are two incarnations that can find a way in a maze.
But now,  neither Yoo Sangah nor Lee Gilyoung were here.
Dansu ahjussi, who was able to play the role of Lee Gilyoung, is wandering around the labyrinth as a monster.
We have to find a way.
A way to find Dansu ahjussi before the guys from the Misreading association.
I thought about it.
"What would Kim Dokja do?"
It was then that the message resonated in my head.
<!>[All repairs from Record Repairer have ended.]
Finally, the repair of the 'record repairer' is over.
But I didn't have high expectations.
The person I possessed now is Cheon Inho, and even if Cheon Inho's records were corrected, it didn't seem like there would be any major changes.
However.
<!>['Record Repairer' repairs skills that were inactive.]
An unexpected message came.
<!>[Exclusive skill 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been activated.]
