<title>657 Episode 19 People of the Past (9)
<!>[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint was an exclusive skill mainly used by Kim Dokja. This skill consisted of a total of 3 stages, and each stage had different abilities.]
The first step was to read 'simple actions and emotions of the characters'.
The second step was to listen to the character's inner thoughts.
Finally, the third step is to share the character's vision or immerse yourself in the character themself.
It was a skill I knew very well. The problem is why the skill was activated only after the 'record repairer' repaired it.
<&>「There is no way that Cheon Inho has [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint].」
If so, it means that this is a skill created in the process of repairing my records.
Come to think of it, it wasn't too outrageous.
It was because there was a possibility that I might have at least one such fragment, just as Dansu ahjussi and other readers have a 'fragment of Kim Dokja'.
In a sense, a writer is also a 'reader' who reads his own writing.
If I have a fragment of Kim Dokja who has learned [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint], it’ll give me luck.
Let's not think complicated.
For now, I need to think about how to use this skill.
"Shin Yoosoung."
I called Shin Yoosoung who was by my side.
According to my memory, there are three conditions for using [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint].
One, the subject must be a 'character'.
Two, the 'understanding' of the subject must be above a certain level.
Third, the subject and I should be thinking about each other at the same time.
Now, if I talk to Shin Yoosoung, the above three conditions are likely to be fulfilled at the same time.
At my call, Shin Yoosoung looked up at me. I could see the child's little eyes roll back and forth.
But why?
No matter how long I waited, [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint] did not activate.
Is it because of a lack of understanding?
Or, is Shin Yoosoung not thinking of me right now?
Shin Yoosoung, who was staring at me, asked.
"You called me differently earlier."
Differently?
There was a memory that came to mind later.
<&>「"Get down, Yoosoung."」
When I [incited] myself to be Yoo Jonghyuk a while ago, I definitely said that to Shin Yoosoung.
It wasn't intentional.
Because at that time, I really thought that I was Yoo Jonghyuk, and [Incite] is such a skill.
"You didn't even use honorifics."
"That… sorry, it’s a kind of side effect."
"You can just call me comfortably."
Hearing the voice of a child looking at me in anticipation, I didn't know what to say for a moment.
"I'll try."
"Really?"
It was at best not to use honorifics. Calling out the child's name as it is.
Although it was a very simple task, it was seldom easy for me.
I know why. It was because too many memories flooded in when I saw Shin Yoosoung in front of me.
Shin Yoosoung of the 41st round.
To me, this Shin Yoosoung has wandered for thousands of years in the labyrinth of the world line. It was Shin Yoosoung, who was reincarnated as a dokkaebi after descending as the Disaster of Floods.
What I see is a grand tragedy that has yet to come to this child.
If so, am I not seeing the current Shin Yoosoung properly?
"Did you find a method?"
It was Literature Girl 64 who spoke.
"Not yet. Yerin-ssi."
After a while, I called her by her real name.
Literature Girl 64 was the only reader I knew of by her real name.
The person who read writer 'Lee Hakhyun'’s book.
Even though she doesn't know that I'm Lee Hakhyun, I still feel affinity when I see her.
Shin Yoosoung pulled on my sleeve and asked.
"Is it a friend of yours?"
"Yes."
"Are you close?"
Why does Shin Yoosoung ask such a question about everyone?
Maybe it's because I have a borderline personality.
"Yes. We're close."
Those words came from Literature Girl 64, not me.
When Shin Yoosoung looked at Literature Girl 64 with strange eyes, Literature Girl 64 also looked down at Shin Yoosoung with an unfamiliar look.
Literary Girl 64 spoke again.
"We both like books."
"Books."
Shin Yoosoung's golden eyes blinked violently.
I could see the expression of Literature Girl 64 hardening. And the next moment.
<&>「Strange.」
For a moment, I felt a tickle in my ears, and then I heard a soft sound.
<&>「Shin Yoosoung in the third round does not have golden eyes. The 41st round will be the same. That’s right, this Shin Yoosoung now—」
"Yerin."
"Yes."
<!>['Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' is unlocked.]
As Literature Girl 64 looked at me, her voice also cut off.
What I just heard was the inner thoughts of the literary girl.
But can it?
<&>「'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' is a skill that can only be used on 'characters'.」
However, Literature Girl 64 was a reader, not a character.
The cool realization came to mind as a clear sentence.
<&>「[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint] could be used on 'readers' as well.」
I immediately looked back at Killer King. Coincidentally, Killer King was also looking at me.
<&>「Are you staring at  me?」
A voice that sounds like he’s been waiting for it.
<!>[Now Cheon Inho is closer to 'Kim Dokja' than anyone else among the apostles.」]
<&>「Then, if I beat that guy, does this mean I will become the closest to Yoo Jonghyuk?」
Seeing him having absurd delusions, it must have been Killer King’s inner thoughts.
I then thought of Dansu ahjussi.
However, the thoughts of the old man were not heard.
It could have been because his mind was too frozen, or it could have been because Dansu ahjussi wasn't thinking of me.
If only Dansu ahjussi could think of me.
If that's possible, it's possible to determine the ahjussi’s position in the labyrinth.
I immediately took out an item that did not bounce the wind speed.
'The horn of provocation.'
Spoils obtained from killing an ancient Nagak.
By using this item, I will be able to spread my voice throughout the labyrinth.
If ahjussi heard my voice, wouldn't he think of me even for a moment?
It was a gamble worth taking.
The problem is that ahjussi is farther away than expected, so the [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint] step 2 didn't activate.
"Yerin."
"Yes."
"You have the iron fist you used before."
The question mark was omitted.
Killer King, who was brushing his sword while imitating Yoo Jonghyuk, spoke.
"It looks like you're talking about Vision Oh's Dark Spinning Breaker."
I guess that was the name.
Anyway.
"Use that on me now."
If step 2 doesn't work, use step 3.
***
In the dark, the man thought.
"Who am I?"
The man was thinking about himself.
Who am I.
The man thought it was an invincible philosophical question.
No human being knows what he is. He is only called by his name from birth.
He pondered what he was called.
<&>「Lee Dansu.」
Right.
Lee Dansu was called that.
That was his name
"No."
No. Actually, that wasn't his name. That name was someone else's.
The name of the one who was once the master of this body.
He was just borrowing his name.
Then what was his name?
His name is.
"Noh Jiyoon. Noh Jiyoon."
There were memories that came one by one in the voice that came out of his mouth.
Right. He is Noh Jiyoon's father.
<&>「Noh Gyeonghwan.」
That was his name.
<&>「My father gave me such a name so that I could live vigilantly against even the slightest trouble. Thanks to the name my father gave me, I managed to live without much trouble.」
If you think about it, Noh Gyeonghwan's life was smooth and peaceful.
He's been like that since he was a kid.
Noh Gyeonghwan was born with a handsome face.
He never caught the flu, which everyone else gets, he studied well, and his friendships were good.
Luckily, he entered a prestigious university, and he also had a good random number draw in the military, so he was assigned to a comfortable place.
He obtained a small but cozy home with subscription bankbooks he had collected since childhood, and met his beautiful and wise wife like fate.
The daughter born between them was also very lovely.
Because he was so lucky in life, Noh Gyeonghwan often wondered if he was borrowing someone's luck.
Maybe the reason he is happy in this world is because somewhere  in the distant universe someone else is unhappy.
Noh Gyeonghwan often imagined someone who might have been unhappy because of him, and he sang a short song for them every time he got home from work.
His wife loved his songs.
<&>「Then one day, misfortune came to him too.」
Maybe it wasn't even a big deal. A tragedy that happens to everyone. It was just that the tragedy befell him.
<&>「His wife was dead.」
The problem was the cause.
If it was a traffic accident or myocardial infarction, he doesn't know if he would have been able to understand it even though it was difficult. He was out of luck, and might have let go of his beloved wife, bursting into tears at his exasperation.
But his wife was killed.
<&>「This is a stone.」
It was a stone. A very small stone that even a child can carry.
<&>「"It seems that it fell from the sky. There was a meteor warning the day before, but it's a very rare thing. Our country wasn't even an alert area...」
It was a meteorite that flew from the other side of the universe.
A small meteorite that flew through the darkness of hundreds of thousands of light years and burned the heat of the atmosphere. His wife was hit by the stone and died instantly as it went through her body.
<&>「"It is a disaster. Really, you're out of luck—"」
Can it really be explained with the word 'unlucky'? Noh Gyeonghwan did not understand.
He suddenly thought of 'someone' who was unfortunate beyond the universe.
Is this really a disaster?
Could it be that someone from far beyond the universe, envious of his happiness, threw a stone at him?
<&>「From then on, Noh Gyeonghwan often looked up at the sky.」
He thought of an unprecedented meteorite that had flown in from beyond the sky.
His father was right.
You should be vigilant even for small troubles. Even now, he has to live up to his name.
From then on, Noh Gyeonghwan lived for the survival of his daughter.
He took his little daughter to school himself. He even wrote a flexible chapter for his daughter, fearing that even he himself would leave in a sudden accident.
He always kept his daughter by his side and kept out any danger.
His little daughter loved and understood Noh Gyeonghwan.
And after understanding so much, she started to hate him.
<&>「"Can you please stop?"」
At some point, the daughter stopped eating her rice well. She stopped going to school.
It was fine though.
You can study later.
At least the house was safe.
If you are at home, you will never die from being hit by a meteorite.
However, Noh Gyeonghwan did not know that he could be hit by a meteorite even at home.
<&>「"Yoo Jonghyuk."」
It was a name like a meteorite that flew from an unknown place.
<&>「"I will marry Yoo Jonghyuk."」
***
<!>['Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' is unlocked!]
"Uweak!"
I jumped up from my seat with a feeling of vomiting.
Looking at the timer in the air, the time I fainted was only about ten minutes.
Killer King supported me and asked.
"Did you find him?"
"I found him."
"How?"
<!>[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint was indeed activated.]
A little while ago, I became Dansu ahjussi and peeped into his memories.
I explained to Killer King and Literature Girl 64 the approximate location of Dansu ahjussi and then said:
"I don't have time to explain in detail. Since we used 'Devaal's Fire Flute' earlier, the enemies must have noticed our presence."
Busy footsteps were heard throughout the dungeon. I'm sure the other the guys from the Misreading association are also looking for Dansu ahjussi.
"We have to find ahjussi first."
There is only one way to do that.
I gulped up blood and looked at the Literature Girl 64 once again.
"Hit me one more time. This time, to the point where I’ll really die."
