<title>659 Episode 19 Reader (1)
I didn't plan to use [Incite] from the beginning.
If ahjussi’s reason still remained, I intended to use [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint] to stop him somehow.
"I won't kill you! I won't kill you!"
Dansu ahjussi, who could be seen from afar, repeated the same words as if screaming.
Even though I knew it wouldn't work, I shouted again.
"Ahjussi! Calm down!"
I managed to find the location of Dansu ahjussi using [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint], but that was it.
My [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint] could see the world through that person's eyes and read their memories, but I couldn't empathize with that person.
<&>「Is it because my understanding of him is not enough?」
A man who has lived his entire life for his daughter.
A man who lost his wife and fell ill himself.
Now I understand why the man was wearing a hospital gown at the last 'banquet'.
Perhaps that was the last appearance of Dansu ahjussi before he was possessed.
"Dansu ahjussi! I'm Cheon Inho."
I had to stop Dansu ahjussi somehow. However, ahjussi had already absorbed the five star jewels and was in the 5th stage of madness.
Aaaaaang!
The labyrinth vibrated violently. Killer King, who was watching the situation from the side, said a word.
"What great physical abilities. If you get close, you'll be crushed to the bone."
The incarnations brushed by ahjussi’s fist swung and splattered blood.
"Are you going to do it anyway?"
"I have to."
However, the road to ahjussi did not seem easy.
The reason was that the provocative fire flute I used attracted not only Dansu ahjussi but also others.
The wild beasts from all over the labyrinth are aiming for ahjussi.
Most of them were the embodiment of the Misreading association.
"It's the Misreading association."
Not all members of the union are from the 'Misreading association'.
"Kill the Misreading association."
I was about to ask if there was even a radar in the back, but something like a small hal protruded from Killer King's arm. A bow gun with a black sheen.
Even looking at it, it was an S-class item.
Shush shush.
Every time an arrow is fired, an incarnation is knocked down as it runs out in the passageway.
Given the high level of fire rate and accuracy, [Improved fire rate] and [Improved aiming power] were used.
There was no doubt that it was an item with this dwelling place.
The incarnations who were hit by the arrows that flew in rapid succession groaned and screamed.
"The second apostle."
The name of Killer King was called everywhere, as if he had already become a celebrity there.
<!>[A small number of constellations pay attention to 'Incarnation Kang Ilhun'.]
Who would have known that extra Kang Ilhun would become this strong?
Maybe it's because he's attracted the attention of the constellations, but his expression is strangely excited.
"I'll tell you the little ones."
"Catch the second apostle first."
As if they thought the Killer King's existence was threatening, the incarnations of the Alliance started running toward it all at once.
Killer King did not panic and invoked the holy spirit.
A red mist rolls over his whole body.
I immediately recognized what the Holy Spirit was.
Great Warrior Jophiel's '503 Unit'.
When Killer King drew the bowstring, the roasted mist wrapped around the tip of the arrow as if it were alive.
"Everybody, die."
The arrow flew like a shot and caused a dust explosion when it hit the target.
The elites of the '503 Corps', who bounced in all directions like a grenade burst, pierced five or six incarnations nearby at breakneck speed and turned them into beehives.
"Uh. Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Frightened, several of members of the union fell.
I hate to admit it, but it was a great sight.
The way he speaks is like Kim Namwoon, but his skills are astonishing even to Yoo Jonghyuk.
Killer King nodded his head with an inexplicable smile, as if he had read my eyes.
"Go. Kim Dokja."
"I’m not."
"I believe."
I don't know what you're talking about, but it seemed like this was the only chance.
As I ran to the floor, Literature Girl 64 followed my steps.
"It's a game my brother often plays."
"I know roughly."
Just like Yoo Jonghyuk and Kim Dokja formed a duo in the main story, let's fight together.
"Then what is Yerin’s role?"
"It changes every time."
Literature Girl 64 added while blowing away one of the incarnations that rushed at her with her elegant feet.
"Isn’t it Han Sooyoung now?"
Kim Dokja, Yoo Jonghyuk, and Han Sooyoung.
Wouldn't it be nice if the people here right now were the real them?
<!>[A constellation that has not yet revealed their modifier is watching you.]
If they had turned the impossible into possible, they would have found a way to save Dansu ahjussi.
"Yerin-ssi."
At my words, Literature Girl 64 nodded her head.
An incarnation of powerful energy could be seen right in front of Dansu ahjussi.
The brightly shining Dustman was definitely different from those of other incarnations.
"It's the king."
"I will take care of it."
<!>[Incarnation 'Lee Seyeon' activates 'battle action mode'!]
Literature Girl 64's main skill, which is to enter a command and unfold a continuous skill, was displayed.
However, the king's actions were a little faster.
"Get out of the way everyone!"
I have to stop it somehow.
However, the passage was once again blocked by the members of the union that came from the side passage.
Killer King's support shots, which flew in from time to time, were also gradually delayed.
It was because of the appearance of long-distance power over there.
"Shoot!"
Troops of arrows holding each bow were lined up on the other side of the aisle.
I reflexively swung my sword while supplying magic power to the broken faith.
<!>['Blade of Faith' is activated!]
I barely managed to remove the single arrows, but the destructive power of each arrow was heavy.
It seemed that there was an incarnation with specialized archery skills.
Can I break through?
It wasn't impossible if [Incite] was used.
Like when dealing with the ark of the Beggar Sect, if I borrow the power of Kyrgios, I can break through the arrows and reach Dansu ahjussi’s nose at once.
The problem was then.
When I have already exhausted my strength with [Strengthen Sentence], will I still have the energy to stop Dansu ahjussi?
It was then that I got a message from the group chat in my ear.
—Ahjussi, get down.
I reflexively grabbed Literature Girl 64 by the shoulder and made her get down.
Looking back, I saw Shin Yoosoung touching the ground with her palm. At the same time, portals swayed in the maze.
<!>[Monster Gate.]
I was surprised.
Was Shin Yoosoung able to open the gate at this point?
Beyond the gate, dozens of Nagaks, who had been tamed by Shin Yoosoung, were creeping over.
"What, what! Where did you appear from?!"
The incarnations shot arrows toward the monsters in the air.
Not to be outdone by them, the Nagaks with their mouths wide open began to sing in chorus.
<!>[Nagak Ensemble.]
Even that mighty strong king got thrown in the air and stuck in a stupid place by the bombardment of the pouring sonic waves.
While the surprised incarnations wandered around, Shin Yoosoung's voice was heard.
—Go, ahjussi.
Light sparks flew from the body of Shin Yoosoung, who was manipulating the Nagaks.
—You said he was close to you.
Shin Yoosoung's golden eyes flickered. The eyes of a child who is looking at me but not looking at me at the same time.
—You must never die.
I ran while infusing [Broken Faith] with the [White and Blue River]. Cutting off the limbs of the incarnations with the new soldier's blade, I ran towards ahjussi.
"Okay, throw it! Feed him another one!"
But they were faster than me.
The star jewel that flew through the air reached the dust man of Dansu ahjussi. With a whimpering sound, ahjussi’s whole body began to flatten once again.
<!>[Incarnation 'Lee Dansu' acquired 1 additional Star Jewel'!]
<!>[A total of 6 star jewels have been acquired.]
<!>[Incarnation 'Lee Dansu' enters 'Madness Stage 6'.]
"Yerin!"
The moment the king opened his eyes and turned around, Literature Girl 64's weave hit the boy's face.
I didn't let go of his back and arrived right in front of Dansu ahjussi's nose.
Once again, the giant Dansu let out a painful groan.
Tears flowed non-stop from the old man's eyes.
Now, just by going near Dansu ahjussi, I felt creepy.
An alarm bell rang in my head.
Was this how I felt when I first met Yoo Jonghyuk in the 41st round?
I know how to feel when faced with a different species with different physical abilities.
<!>[The overall stats of 'Incarnation Cheon Inho' have exceeded the scenario limits.]
<!>[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint is not deterred. There is no chance of winning in a head-to-head fight.]
<&>「There is only one way left.」
I didn't want to write this way.
"I won't kill you. I won't kill you."
The old man held out his hand towards me. It was in slow motion, so I could have avoided it if I wanted to.
But I didn't escape.
So to speak, this.
"I will kill you."
It was my small atonement for Dansu ahjussi.
My one arm twisted with a groaning sound.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.9' is activated!]
<!>[I am Yoo Jonghyuk.]
As the steel-like sensation of Yoo Jonghyuk penetrated into my brain, I was able to barely keep my senses even in the distant pain.
"Ahjussi. I don't want to do this either. But."
He looked at me as if he was really listening to me.
"I'll fool you just once."
I breathed in as hard as I could to contain the pain.
"I am."
This is a lie that shouldn't be.
Even so, this was the only way to save Dansu ahjussi.
"I am Noh Jiyoon."
<!>[Exclusive skill 'Incitement Lv. 9' is activated!]
At the same time, ahjussi moved a few times.
The face of the old man with black bloody tears was fixed on me.
The man who can't see anything.
Even so, at this moment, Dansu ahjussi was looking at a certain scenery.
In this world, a scenery that only you and me can see.
<&>「There was a girl there. Small stature with a round face. Eyebrows slightly more open than others. Plump cheeks that haven’t lost all of their meat.」
Dansu ahjussi's cheek muscles moved and the corners of his mouth twitched slowly. In these spasms of subtle emotions, I read the old man's heart in it.
"Pass the star jewel to me."
In this Star Labyrinth, there are a total of two ways to steal someone else's Bell Powder.
One is to become the same group and unify 'Dustman'.
The second is to kill others to get star dust from the dust surface.
But as I guessed, those two methods are not the only ones.
If that were all, other 'kings' would not be able to throw star jewels at Dansu ahjussi.
My guess is this.
If [Dust] is made into a 'Star Jewel', the 'Star Jewel' will become tradeable!
Burrr.
The dust side of Dansu ahjussi in the air is painful.
He shuddered as if he was embarrassed, and soon he made a profit with a wok.
A piece of shiny five-colored stone.
It was a star jewel.
Ahjussi handed me a star jewel like someone would give his daughter his birthday present.
"Ji… yoon… ah."
<!>[You have acquired 1 'Star Jewel'.]
<!>[Entering 'Madness Stage 1'.]
The dustman that was standing above my head ate the star jewel as if it had been waiting for it.
The operation was successful.
The incarnations of the Union, who had been paying attention to the surroundings, were agitated.
If they risk their lives right now, it could be dangerous for both me and Dansu ahjussi.
But as I expected, they wouldn't move.
"Um, that bastard is going through the star jewels?"
"It's okay. Leave it alone."
"It's like he’s indulging in his own greed."
Also, I knew that.
Their goal is the 'death sword'.
It didn't matter to them who collected the 7 star jewels.
+
8. Every time you acquire 1 'Star Jewel', the 'Madness' value increases.
+
They clearly understood the 8th rule of the Star Labyrinth.
Due to the 'Madness Penalty', no one can collect '7 Star Jewels' while remaining sane in this labyrinth.
So, it would be their plan to collect 7 star jewels for the sacrificial lamb and take only the summoned death sword.
"Ha ha ha! Eat a lot!"
The ruse was noticed early on.
If this continues, I will become a madman like you.
<!>[Entering 'Madness Stage 2'.]
Every time I acquired a star jewel, I felt my body change.
The overall concentration increased explosively, and the cohesion increased in real time. The dragon's blood vessels cut with a special sound.
<!>[Entering 'Madness Stage 3']
There is a feeling that the volume of the brain is expanding to a size that the skull cannot handle.
But I bit my lip and held on.
I can do it.
I also have equipment with strong anti-magic abilities, and most of all, I have [Incite].
So I was confident.
Even if I fell into madness, I would be able to endure it.
Without losing my sanity, I will be able to collect 7 star jewels, summon the Death Sword, and destroy the absolute throne.
<&>「There is no Kim Dokja in this world.」
That's why I have to.
Only I can block the aspirations of this world.
I saw Killer King and Shin Yoosoung shouting at me from afar.
I smiled at them as a sign that I was okay.
<!>[You have acquired 5 star jewels.]
<!>[Entering Madness Stage 5.]
It was dangerous. My eyes hurt as if they would burst, and my vision was stained red.
The hold of reason in my head was weakening.
Now, Dansu ahjussi's overall ability was much weaker than before. I released 'Noh Jiyoon''s [Incite] and showed my final concentration.
What I need now is someone who can withstand this terrible madness.
There were candidates that came to mind.
Yoo Jonghyuk, Jung Heewon, Han Sooyoung, and Lee Hyunsung.
But it didn't seem like they could easily endure this madness.
Now, I needed a person with 'strong mental strength'.
And no matter how much I thought about it, there was only one such person.
A man who has loved only one story for over ten years.
Even after dying several times, he is the main character who never gave up on the ending he wanted.
"I am Kim Dokja."
This is something only Kim Dokja can do.
It was then that an unknown sentence popped up in front of me.
<&>「At that moment, Lee Hakhyun did not know.」
A sentence that comes to mind without a chance to react. It was a phrase I had seen somewhere before.
<&>「The fact that he will never be able to go back to the way he was before.」
The moment I intuited that something was wrong and hurriedly canceled the skill.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.9' is activated!]
I heard something breaking inside me.
