<title>660 Episode 19 Reader (2)
"Ahjussi! Wake up! Ahjussi!"
Shin Yoosoung shook the fallen Cheon Inho. However, no matter how much she shook him, Cheon Inho did not respond.
<!>[Incarnation 'Cheon Inho' is in 'Madness Stage 5'.]
Two times larger than before.
Dark red veins stood out all over Cheon Inho's body, with both eyes closed.
Shin Yoosoung thought while suppressing her breathing.
Is he dead?
No. He didn't die. His heart is beating, and he is breathing.
It just doesn't happen.
"He’s still alive. Don't make a fuss about it."
At Killer King’s words, Shin Yoosoung narrowed her eyes. Shin Yoosoung's eyes blinked violently with golden light.
"Shin Yoosoung."
It was Literature Girl 64 who held Shin Yoosoung's shoulder.
"It's okay. Inho-ssi isn't dead. He won't die."
As if to reassure Shin Yoosoung, Literature Girl 64 repeated the same words over and over again.
Literature Girl 64 confirmed that Shin Yoosoung's breathing was gradually stabilizing and she glanced at Killer King.
Killer King, who took a step forward, raised the sitting Lee Dansu.
"Are you okay?"
Lee Dansu staggered and froze..
Is it because the madness state had been lifted? Lee Dansu had a face that had found reason.
He looked around with a guilty expression and asked.
"What happened to Inho-ssi?"
"All right. Not yet."
Cheon Inho, who had fallen into the 5th stage of madness, had black smoke coming out of his body.
Lee Dansu, who was blind, couldn't see the scenery, but he knew what to do from now on.
"We have to share Inho-ssi's star jewels. A person who has acquired more than two star jewels will never be able to stay sane. I can say this because I have personally experienced it."
But Killer King shook his head.
There is no time right now. There is no way.
Cheon Inho must wake up to share the star jewel. But now, Cheon Inho is in a state of fainting.
Even if Cheon Inho was awake, it was questionable whether he would be able to share a star jewel in the current situation.
Killer King counted the number of enemies encircling the front. The number of incarnations of the Alliance remaining was about thirty.
Some of them were incarnations that Killer King was familiar with.
The Assassination King was a face he had never seen before, but the other two were part of the '7 Kings of Seoul' in orv.
If there is a difference from the main story, it seems that other souls have possessed them as well.
"Illegal reading."
Despite Killer King's provocation, there was no reaction from the alliance.
They were arguing over Cheon Inho's condition.
—Why didn't he become a monster?
— Mental strength is strong and can be enhanced.
—Who is that guy?
—The constellations say 'Cheon Inho'.
— Cheon Inho, the role of the agitator in Geumho?
—Who is that? Was there ever such a strong person?
The three kings glared at Killer King at the same time.
—The opponent is second apostle. Can we get rid of him?
—The person possessed by him is 'Kang Ilhun. This incarnation’s natural talent is terrible, but the problem is Jophiel. The woman next to him is said to be the holder of the 100 Cheongganggi.
—There is also a kid who looks like Shin Yoosoung. It's going to be tough.
— Shall I call the tyrant?
—If you call it, you can hunt without damage, but you don't have to go that far here. In any case, the summoning of the 'Sword of Death' has been confirmed. We just need to take it away.
As they kept quiet, Killer King opened his mouth.
"Boring. Are you done talking now?"
The three kings, startled by those words, all turned to Killer King.
Killer King said with a dark smile.
"[Translation] is a skill that seals and transmits words with magical power. A super high level like me can destroy the condensed magic."
It was a lie, of course. Killer King was not a super master of Murim, and he didn't even have that kind of sponsor.
However, the Killer King was able to vaguely guess the contents even without listening to the conversation.
It was the power of Killer King's skill, [Juron].
It won't turn out the way you think. Because Kim Dokja is strong, Kim Dokja?
"This guy is Kim Dokja."
Killer King covered Cheon Inho with his finger.
The reactions of the incarnations were different.
A golden light flickered in Shin Yoosoung's eyes once again, and Lee Dansu tilted his head. Literature Girl 64 touched her forehead as if thinking it was starting again.
The kings of the union looked confused.
“That guy is Kim Dokja?"
Killer King shook his head as if they were pathetic.
"You sound stupid. If you narrow your eyes, everyone becomes narrow-eyed."
"I didn't even hear that he was blonde."
"It seems that you don’t know Kim Dokja had a blonde hair in 'Kaizenix' and 'Journey to the West.'"
The kings looked at each other as if embarrassed by Killer King's eloquence.
King Sosim belatedly refuted.
"Whatever you say, you guys are doomed. A human who falls into the 5th stage of Madness will inevitably become a monster. The blind guy earlier didn't kill people, so it took a long time to collect the star dust, but that guy will be different. He will soon kill all the incarnations around him, including you."
"Kim Dokja is a non-killer. Have you forgotten?"
"Immortal...?"
"And Kim Dokja has a [fourth wall]. It's just 'Madness'. It means you won't get hit by anything."
Killer King looked at Cheon Inho like a man who really believed in his words.
"The fourth wall is invincible. Kim Dokja, who has it, is a god, this girl is actually Han Sooyoung, and Yoo Jonghyuk is the strongest."
"What are you talking about-"
"Anyway, there's a deep secret hidden in this story that you guys don't know about."
Killer King talked nonstop and exchanged glances with Literature Girl 64.
—You must take your time.
The number on this side was a total of five, one of which was a Cheon Inho who was incapacitated.
On the other hand, there are only three kings and a number of over thirty.
If they open an all-out war with them right now, even if they win, the damage won’t be minimal.
<!>[After a while, the entire dungeon will be engulfed in flames.]
<!>[Explore the 'Safe Area'.]
Fortunately, time was on their side.
When the 'Safe Zone' is activated, they will  be engulfed in flames and the maze will be relocated.
Belatedly noticing Killer King’s strategy, the kings hardened their complexions.
—Damn it, it was just a waste of time.
<!>[Relocate in 5 minutes]
5 minutes left. The kings had to choose.
Are they going to take the risk and fight Killer King's party now? Or will they explore the safe area?
<!>['Safe Area' is activated.]
The worry didn't last long.
It was because a huge 'safe zone' had appeared nearby at just the right time.
"Everyone get into the safe area!"
Two safe areas appeared.
It was a size that could accommodate both the incarnations of the union and Cheon Inho in each.
Literature Girl 64 and Shin Yoosoung moved to a safe area due to lack of space with Dansu.
Killer King also dragged Cheon Inho to a safe area.
Cheon Inho, who acquired the star jewels, did not have to enter the safe area, but the decision was made considering the relocation of the labyrinth.
At least if they're together, they won't be swept away by the relocation and the party won’t be scattered.
The Assassination King, who was glaring at Killer King, asked.
"Is he really Kim Dokja?"
"Yes."
"I can't believe it at all because it's crazy."
The Assassination King shook his head in disgust, then added.
"Whether he is Kim Dokja or not, you will have no choice but to give him a star jewels."
"What?"
"Only then will all of you guys survive."
Before he could ask what that meant, the entire labyrinth was covered in flames.
<!>[Safe Area is activated.]
<!>[Rearrangement begins.]
The bright fire burned everything nearby.
In the place where the flames that had been burning for a while disappeared like an illusion, the power of the kings and the alliance were nowhere to be seen.
"They ran away."
Why? The union did not pursue them and chose to leave the dungeon.
It was an incomprehensible choice.
This is because if they leave the dungeon, they will lose all the 'star dust' they had.
In fact, a large amount of star dust fell where they disappeared.
Killer King looked at the fallen Cheon Inho.
Cheon Inho was still in a state where he is not in progress.
If Cheon Inho wakes up and steals the star jewels from Lee Dansu then picks up all the star dust that has fallen on the floor, he will be able to collect all 7 star jewels.
Killer King and Literature Girl 64, who exchanged glances with each other, approached to take star dust at the same time.
This was to prevent any catastrophe from happening.
<!>[Incarnation 'Kang Ilhun' acquired 1 additional 'Star Jewel'!]
The dust man in the air hummed, and the last star jewel was born.
They finally collected all seven star jewels.
The problem is how to summon the 'death sword' with this.
An ominous feeling passed through Killer King's mind.
—Whether he is Kim Dokja or not, you will have no choice but to give him star jewels.
Killer King's [Recommendation] has been activated.
The union’s plan is to summon the 'Sword of Death' by driving 7 Star Jewels into 'one place'.
However, there was a loophole in their plan.
'How did they plan to kill the incarnation who obtained the 'Death Sword' by collecting 7 star jewels?'
"Yerin."
Since when was it?
A red meteorite fell where the stardust that had been piled up was gone.
"Flee."
Literature Girl 64 instinctively stepped back and looked at her brother's complexion.
He was Killer King who wasn't nervous even when he was fighting against a 6th grade monster. However, sweat was forming on Killer King's neck.
"It's a disaster."
Light from a red meteorite began to cover the maze.
***
When I woke up, I was being pulled into the cold deep sea.
I looked back at my previous memories.
I was in a confrontation with Dansu ahjussi and used [Incite].
I remember going there.
But why did I suddenly fall into the sea?
No, is this really the 'sea' in the first place?
I blankly looked down at my feet.
Endless depths.
There was an abyss with a black mouth open.
I could feel it instinctively.
"I shouldn’t go there…"
If I go there, I can never come back.
<&>「However, even knowing that fact, Lee Hakhyun felt a strange curiosity.」
A strange impulse arose.
I think I want to stop being comfortable. The thought of wanting to throw everything away and go inside.
A vague expectation that the truth I was looking for would be found in that abyss.
The secret of this world that I wanted to know so much. A strange belief that every story has an ending gripped me.
The limbs that were vigorously stirred are slowly gaining strength lost.
Would it be okay?
<&>「If I go over there.」
If I had done this, I would have worked hard enough that anyone would admit it.
So stop.
<&>「What about other 'readers'?」
The moment I remembered that question, my mind flashed.
I reflexively raised my left hand up. Even though I knew there was nothing there, I struggled with my hands and feet like someone trying to grab something.
At that moment, something touched my fingertips.
I knew that feeling.
I suddenly got out of breath.
That's the feeling when you just put your hand on the keyboard.
The senses of a living patient, fluctuating like a freshly caught fish.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' is activated!]
I grabbed that sentence as best I could.
Then the sentences began to speak.
<&>「Kyung Sein thought…」
Kyung Sein.
The second reader I met.
ID JudgeHeewon. Complete reading 1.8 times. Among the characters, she likes Jung Heewon the most.
It was as if I could catch a glimpse of Kyung Sein's face through the intertwined typefaces.
When parting ways in Chungmuro, Kyung Sein followed Lee Hyunsung.
<&>「Is Inho-ssi okay?」
I see you're thinking of me right now.
A corner of my heart was touched and a strange power welled up.
I can't give up here.
There are readers out there.
There is a story that has not yet been told to them.
I grabbed the sentence and held out my hand once again.
Then another sentence came into my hand this time. It was a sentence with a much sharper sense than a moment ago.
<&>「Goo Seonah thought.」
I don't want to die.」
Goo Seonah. A reader I met in the theater dungeon.
ID strawberry1137. Completed 8 times.
<&>「Gu Seon-ah thought. Shed too much blood.」
Kim Kyung-shik bastard. Why is there a pig there?」
Goo Seonah seemed to be in a crisis. I could see her back as she wandered through the labyrinth, bleeding.
Apparently, Kim Gyeongshik, whom he was traveling with, is dead.
Another reader died somewhere I don't know.
<&>「Damn members of the Misreading association...」
Her voice was getting weaker and weaker.
I wanted to help.
I wanted to tell her that she shouldn't die there, that she should come to her senses. But my voice didn't come out.
<&>「I can't die here.」
Goo Seonah's breathing slowed down. Her staggered vision shook greatly with every limp.
<&>「The bastard must have possessed someone. I won't die until I find my son. Never...」
After saying those words, Goo Seonah sat down on the floor.
The sound of her footsteps running in the distance.
She squeezed the last of her strength and pulled out her rebar, but her fighting strength was no longer there.
The voices of people crying urgently.
Fortunately, it was not the enemies who came running.
<&>「"—Are you okay?"」
I don't know who. But strangely, I felt a longing from the voice I heard.
I caught on to the next sentence without pause.
<&>「Ye Hyunwoo thought.」
'It can't be okay anymore. I have to enter the dungeon.」
Ye Hyunwoo. Completed the novel 50 times.
The 7th apostle is still safe.
<&>「You pitiful bastard. Calm down. If he is Kim Dokja, he should overcome this level.」
Killer King. Completed 100 times. This friend is still the same.
<&>「Wake up.」
Literature Girl 64. Completed 12.8 times...
Stretching out and extending my hand, I listened to the stories of my readers.
It should have been me telling the story, but rather they were telling me the story.
However, there were also stories I had never seen before.
<&>「"Dad…"」
I got goosebumps for a moment.
I hurriedly grabbed the sentence.
But that sentence didn't say anything to me.
I couldn't see any scenery beyond the crest.
<!>[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint didn't activate. Maybe.]
All the readers I've seen so far have been 'readers I've met'.
<&>「"Dad."」
But at that moment, I began to see this difficult landscape.
It was impossible.
<!>[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint is activated only for the 'characters' I know and only for the 'characters' who think of me.]
That is.
<&>「If I had met Dansu ahjussi’s daughter without knowing it, and Dansu ahjussi’s daughter was thinking of me right now.」
It was impossible.
However, there was one hypothesis that would make the impossible a reality.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' is strongly activated!]
<&>「"Dad."」
Before long, the owner of the voice appeared.
A gloomy landscape felt beyond the sentence. A gloomy darkness.
It was a place I had been to before.
<&>「It was a theater.」
A theater where countless little Kim Dokjas sit and watch the screen.
Kim Dokja who is dazed, Kim Dokja who is having a good time dozing off, Kim Dokja who is grumpy.
Among such Kim Dokjas, there was the Kim Dokja I was looking for.
<&>「Rlaerhwk37.」
Why does this person have to be here?
<&>「"Dad."」
For what purpose should this have to happen?
As if dismissing my doubts, the little Kim Dokjas were just staring at the screen.
<&>「The man with the bleeding from both eyes was there.」
ID wldbsdldkQk80. Read once.
Towards her own father who was engulfed in flames. Jiyoon, who became a kkoma Kim Dokja, reached out her hand.
<&>「"Please save my father, Kim Dokja."」
