<title>661 Episode 19 Reader (3)
Fiction and reality are different.
Immediately after possessing Kang Ilhun, the first thing Killer King did was to change 'image' into 'text'.
<!>[Incarnation 'Kang Ilhun' activates Observation Lv.4!]
Killer King was not conceited that he knew the future scenarios.
He calmly stored the images he observed in his mind, and transformed the stored images into sentences and converted them into information.
Read. Report. Compare.
He went on to build his own huge database.
<!>[Signs of the fifth main scenario appear.]
The 'database' that had been built up was now warning Killer King.
"That's dangerous."
Killer King instinctively walked away from the meteor, protecting his sister.
Cracked red meteorite.
It was a meteorite that was mentioned in the main part of the book.
It is unknown whether the color and shape are exactly the same as what Kim Dokja saw. However, if you look at the cracked state and the light pouring out, there is no doubt that it contains a monster equivalent to a 'disaster'.
Even in an imminent situation, Killer King did not neglect observation.
First, a green liquid pouring from the stone.
The liquid was causing corrosion as soon as it hit the floor.
The strong acid created a cloud of steam.
Between the thick vapor, something larger than the size of a meteorite was rising.
The sound of heavy footsteps that resounded proved his presence. Immediately, Killer King put his hand into his arms and set off a flare into the darkness.
Then, two sharp blue eyes flashed from the ceiling of the pitch-black labyrinth.
It was a monster species that was about ten meters tall.
<!>[Level 3 poisonous dragon species (lower), 'Lesser Dragon Poisoner' has appeared!]
A giant lizard whose entire body is covered in green scales.
It was a monster comparable to the 'S-class Fire Dragon'.
"Was this the operation of the members of the Misreading association?"
Killer King bit his lip secretly.
The Misreading association’s operation was simple.
First, gather seven star jewels into one person and turn them into a monster, solve a disaster in front of the monster-turned Avatar, and make them fight each other.
The assassin king who was running away said: if you don't give the star jewel to Cheon Inho, everyone will die here.
Oh oh oh!
People all over the place sat down at the poisonous ring of dragon bells.
In the past, there were more Avatars who did not escape using the 'safe area'.
"Crazy. What is that!"
"So, I told you to go out earlier, right?"
"But the star jewel—"
It seemed that they were not incarnations of the Union’s side.
"Sa, save me! Help me!"
"What is this? There was no mention of something like this in the scenario!"
Small and medium-sized groups that are neither on the union’s side nor on the apostle’s side. Among them, there were also images of kings holding brown or purple flags. [Inference] was activated in Killer King's head.
'They were always looking for an opportunity and joined the battle as soon as the alliance left.'
'They  will be aiming for the star jewels, so it is impossible to join hands with them,' Killer King quickly concluded, taking a deep breath and looking around.
The modified maze was in the shape of a large clearing centered around the Lesser Dragon Poisoner.
Although there were passages at the edge of the vacant lot, they were all blocked by translucent walls.
"It’s blocked this way too! Damn it!"
Same as in the first scenario.
A 'closed scenario' that controls a certain area.
Killer King was convinced.
"A hidden Scenario will activate."
As if waiting, a dokkaebi appeared in the air with a small spark.
<@>[This. That's really troubling. You're summoning a disaster from the stars!]
Killer King recognized the dokkaebi right away.
<&>「It was not a low-level dokkaebi like Bihyung. Wearing a neat suit, it had two small horns on his head.」
Intermediate dokkaebi Paul.
A dokkaebi who sabotaged Kim Dokja's script from the beginning, but was eventually taken to the executive branch by Kim Dokja's scheme.
<@>[Recently, there have been a lot of incarnations that are overly aggressive, but I never thought they'd do something like this inside a dungeon... What are you going to do if you wake up 'Material Disaster' when you can't even finish the fourth scenario?]
It was a line that was almost similar to the main story.
This means that although the type of disaster has changed, the major trend has not changed.
Paul looked around at the incarnations.
Cheon Inho, Lee Dansu, Literature Girl 64, and Shin Yoosoung. Finally, Paul made eye contact with Killer King and smiled inexplicably.
<@>[It's no fun if everyone dies, so I'll try to change the scenario at my discretion.]
+
<Hidden Scenario — United you die, scattered you die>
Category: Hidden
Difficulty: A
Clear Condition: Hunt the Lesser Dragon Poisoner within the time limit, or survive its attacks.
Time limit: 20 minutes
Reward: 3,000 Coins
Failure: Death
*There is a hidden piece hidden in this mission.
+
As expected, the scenario is the same as the main story.
Killer King sighed in relief.
It wasn't the worst yet.
The situation would have been better if it weren't for the incarnations who were fussing over there.
"Attack! If we all hit it together now, we won’t die!"
"There's no need to be scared! Kill it and share the hidden piece!"
<!>[The king's shout boosts the morale of the Avatars!]
The Avatars burst forth and charged. One of the bravest incarnations even inserted a weapon directly into the body of the poisonous dragon.
"Look at this! This guy gets hit too-"
The upper body of the talking incarnation was blown away by a simple slap of the tail. Afterwards, the incarnations in front collapsed as if something had broken, leaving only their lower bodies intact. The incarnations in the rear screamed at the sheer horror.
"Ooh, wow!"
However, as if that was expected, there was also a group that overcame sacrifices to move ahead.
It was a group led by a king with a purple banner.
"Aim for the weak spot! Attack the eyes and nose!"
The king shouted and at the same time threw the spear imbued with magical power with all his might.
A direct attack method to attack monsters with hard shells. If the enemy wasn't an S-class monster, Killer King would also have lost out to their strategy.
Quaaaaa!
Bright green venom was flowing from the poisonous dragon’s mouth. The polearm wrapped in magical energy melted in the air.
The embarrassed king took a step back and muttered.
"Last match."
The poison that melted the spear spread radially and fell on the heads of the incarnations.
The king, covered entirely in poison, screamed and struggled. It took less than ten seconds for him to turn into green muck.
"Crazy! Run!"
The group members lost control and became a ragtag group and began to run away.
What descended before their eyes was not an enemy that they could deal with.
<!>[A few constellations let out a small laugh!]
At that time, several incarnations found Killer King’s group as they ran away.
"There! What are you doing? Help me quickly!"
"Aren’t those guys the ones with the star jewels?"
"Star jewel! Give me the star jewels!"
If you eat star jewels, you become stronger.
As you become stronger, your survival rate increases.
Perhaps even a 'disaster' can be defeated.
<!>[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint. Their thoughts are  clearly visible even without it.]
Killer King silently aimed his bowgun at them.
"Hate."
In hands without any mercy or hesitation.
Those who were hit by Killer King started running in the opposite direction again, swearing.
Killer King did not use arrows on the fleeing incarnations. This is because bait was needed to divert the attention of the poisonous species.
Killer King thought to himself as he watched the incarnations being torn apart by the poisonous dragon's claws.
This cold iron scent has protected him and his sister until now. It will probably remain the same in the future.
<!>[A very small number of constellations hold their tongues at the cruelty of the incarnation 'Kang Ilhun'.]
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' frowns at incarnation of 'Kang Ilhun'.]
Even if it was heartless, there was nothing he could do about it. That 'disaster' was not an enemy that could be easily dealt with, even if one knew the scenario that would unfold in the future.
If Kim Dokja were here, he would come up with a plan.
'Kim Dokja.'
Killer King unconsciously looked at Cheon Inho, who had collapsed.
Aside from his white skin and slim figure, the man certainly looks different from Kim Dokja.
But why does this guy keep reminding him of Kim Dokja?
"I can do it."
Brilliantly swaying brown hair. A subtle glow came from Shin Yoosoung’s eyes.
"Everyone, step back. I’ll handle it."
<!>[Constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' looks at the incarnation 'Shin Yoosoung'.]
<!>[Constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' looks at the incarnation 'Shin Yoosoung'.]
<!>[Constellation 'Maritime War God' looks at the incarnation 'Shin Yoosoung' and tilts his head.]
<!>[Constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' looks at the incarnation 'Shin Yoosoung' with suspicious eyes.]
<!>[A few constellations doubt the possibility of the incarnation 'Shin Yoosoung'.]
As the eyes of the constellations gathered one by one, faint sparks began to bounce from Shin Yoosoung’s whole body. Shin Yoosoung frowned as if the spark was painful.
Killer King's eyes narrowed.
Killer King read the entire novel 100 times. The 100th time he simply read it with his eyes, tearing open, tasting, and chewing everything in the text.
He imagined the novel and read it with insight into the blank spaces that the author did not write. Like Yoo Joonghyuk, who lived 1863 times, he also read with the determination to share the 100th time with Kim Dokja.
<!>[Incarnation 'Kang Ilhun' Activates 'Observation Lv.4'!]
He could tell because he was such a Killer King.
'Golden radiance of eyes.'
'Superior growth potential compared to 3rd round.'
'[Gate] that can be freely used.'
'The appearance is abnormal.'
A series of information filled the gaps in his mind. Information that was understood and information that was not understood were classified.
All of that happened in the blink of an eye, and Killer King came to a conclusion.
"What I’m talking about from now on is about a certain 'novel'."
Shin Yoosoung looked back at Killer King.
Eyes flickering with faint agitation.
Killer King continued speaking without looking at Shin Yoosoung.
"The main character of the novel had colleagues."
The roaring tail of a poisonous dragon flew nearby.
Killer King wrapped his arms around Cheon Inho, who was lying on the floor, and avoided it.
The tail of the poisonous dragon species began to rotate. The same pattern as the Fire Dragon species in the main story.
"Some of his colleagues were regressors."
Killer King gave a signal to his companions and started running counterclockwise, avoiding the poisonous dragon’s tail.
"There were excellent swordsmen and great swordsmen. There were admirals who ruled the sea, and there were reincarnated people who could read fate."
Killer King looked behind him as he said those words.
His younger sister and Lee Dansu, who had trouble walking, were  following him.
"There was also a boy who treated insects well."
Killer King raised his head calmly and finally looked at Shin Yoosoung.
"There was also a girl who was good at handling animals."
Eyes with a faint sparkle.
Killer King said while looking into those eyes.
"As far as I know, the story is over."
"…"
"But why hasn’t the girl left the story yet?"
Shin Yoosoung didn’t say anything. As if the answer was not allowed in this world.
The child simply held Cheon Inho's thin hand and repeated the same words.
"Ahjussi, wake up. Ahjussi!"
Killer King watched the scene silently, then turned her back and looked at his sister.
"Yerin. Analysis."
“It’s the same as the main story. It’s a deteriorated version of the dragon."
"Weakness."
"Because it is a poison attribute, earth attribute and fire are effective. All attacks that caused even a small amount of damage earlier were of the fire attribute."
"Goes to the fire attribute."
"Instead of inviting you, you have to get a red wreath."
"Fire resistance is also necessary."
"I have the resistance skill. My brother got the red wreath."
"For now, let’s move on to the next phase."
Shin Yoosoung’s eyes widened as she watched the siblings having a quick conversation.
<!>[Grade 5 monster 'Lesser Dragon Poisoner' prepares 'Death’s Hianhwa'.]
Poisoner, one of the poisonous dragons that had recovered its tail, roared into the air, and red flower buds began to bloom on the floor of the area.
The attack used by it in this round is Flame of the file.
On the other hand, the entire attack aircraft used by the poisonous dragon species was 'Hianhwa of Death'.
If it is similar to the development of the main story, this phase was an instant death.
Nevertheless, Killer King stepped forward without hesitation.
Shin Yoosoung said as she grabbed Killer King’s wrist.
"Wait."
"I know you can kill that thing."
"…"
"But after killing that thing, will you be safe?"
Even the constellations in the sky do not dare to interfere with the early scenario.
If a miracle that is enough to defeat such a disaster is accomplished, no matter how divine Yoosoung is, she cannot be safe from the aftereffects.
Killer King silently released Shin Yoosoung’s hand and was about to reload his arrow.
"The main character of the novel."
A voice came out from Shin Yoosoung’s mouth.
Surprised, Killer King looked back.
So far, Shin Yoosoung has not given any answers to his questions. Because probability did not permit that answer.
"He was always alone. Even though he had so many colleagues, he was always alone."
Cheez. A spark that bounces. Killer King looked at Shin Yoosoung in silence.
He asked. Why is this story continuing? Shin Yoosoung had just answered his question in her own way.
Shin Yoosoung said with red eyes.
"So you can’t do it alone."
Killer King nodded slowly and answered with a sigh.
"Don't worry."
Shin Yoosoung knew a man who was good at making that kind of expression.
He was a shabby person compared to the terrible poisonous pain. A man so fragile that he feels as if he will fly if he gets hit with a single blow.
A lonely person fighting against the ending of a single world.
"To know the ending of this story."
Two people stood side by side next to the man.
"I am not alone."
