<title>665 Episode 21 Kim Dokja (1)
<&>「"Why is Joonghyuk-ssi so harsh to Anna?"」
Lee Seolhwa asked in passing. It was a question that normally would not be asked. Because she knows very well how much Yoo Joonghyuk hates Anna Croft.
Still, she wanted to ask today.
Maybe it's because tomorrow is the final battle of the 'Holy Demon War'.
After tomorrow, Yoo Joonghyuk might be alone again.
"How about getting along with Anna?"
"She betrayed me."
"It was in an old round.”
"She took over the memories from the last rounds."
"Didn’t she just receive memories? Anna in this round didn’t experience it herself."
The 'Anna Croft' of this round was not the 'Anna Croft' of the last round.
She just read the memories of the last rounds as if she were reading a novel.
Is it right for Anna Croft to receive the wrath of Yoo Joonghyuk?
"She went through the last round."
Lee Seolhwa closed her mouth for a moment.
Normally, the conversation would have stopped at this point. No matter what anyone says, Yoo Joonghyuk was a part time of 'regression'.
"In the last round, was it really Yoo Joonghyuk? This Yoo Joonghyuk is different from 'Yoo Joonghyuk' of the last round. Lee Seolhwa’ from the previous round is different, just as this round’s story is different."
Every human being is defined by the world around him.
Whether it's the 1,600th or 1,700th, he was still called 'Yoo Joonghyuk', but the meaning behind that name changed every time.
She was surprised.
This is because the people in rounds 1,600 and 1,700 are different people.
People with different memories, different experiences, and different times spent with them.
Because the world around him has changed, Yoo Joonghyuk is also a different person from the last round.
That is what Lee Seolhwa meant. Now let's get away from the past. Stop now and release the curse you have placed on yourself.
Yoo Joonghyuk looked up at the sky without answering. Lee Seolhwa also looked at the sky with him.
The deep and distant <Star Stream>.
A world where everything under the sky becomes a story.
When she glanced at Yoo Joonghyuk’s profile, he seemed lonely, sad, and maybe he understood everything.
He is a man who has lived one story for a very long time.
At that moment, Lee Seolhwa realized.
Yoo Joonghyuk is the only force; everything else is just a phenomenon.
Lee Seolhwa, Lee Hyunsung, and Lee Jihye. All of his other companions are nothing more than one line of sentences written and erased in this repeated story.
"Before and even now, I am 'Yoo Joonghyuk'."
Hearing Yoo Joonghyuk’s words, Lee Seolhwa opened her mouth slightly.
His name is not his own.
Because someone calls him Yoo Joonghyuk, he becomes Yoo Joonghyuk.
"It will continue to be Yoo Joonghyuk in the future."
Calling his own name.
It was about remembering the people who called his name.
In order not to leave the people he met as phenomena, to remember the meaning  in that name.
<!>[The story of eternal immortality is dreaming.]
And unfortunately, by saying that name, he will once again become the protagonist of the story.
A light was shining in the distance. Beyond the beam of light that erased the pitch-black night, Seongyun's army was approaching.
Lee Seolhwa watched the scene and asked.
"Are you going to come look for me in the next round?"
Yoo Joonghyuk silently searched the wind speed and took out the attack and defense unit.
The weapon left behind by his teacher. It was an item that had never been used in this round.
Yoo Joonghyuk held the end of a gombangdae in his mouth and let out his words as if smoking light smoke.
"Of course."
<&>「—Three ways to survive in a ruined world.」

***

 Tyrant King Jung Yonghu is a member of the Misreading association.
His hard disk contained dozens of fantasy novels, and the novels he had collected were the very history of his illegal activities.
He shared and re-shared files without any guilt.
Of course, there were times when he also bought books. He wanted to produce text by scanning or typing.
He knew that his actions violated copyright law. But he doesn't know anything about copyright law. After all, he was the one who purchased the book, so he is entitled to use its contents.
He thought so.
<!>[Activates the exclusive skill 'Illegal Library'.]
His long history of illegal activities greatly helped him survive in this world.
There were thousands of fantasy novels in his head, and 'Ways of Survival', which was the basis of this world, was a world like a compilation of fantasy clichés. Whenever something happened, he took out the novels he had read illegally and reviewed them, and as a result, he was more knowledgeable than anyone else. He quickly achieved the qualifications to be a king and was crowned one of the 'Seven Kings of Seoul'.
"Is everyone gathered?"
The black flag fluttering behind his back proved his qualifications.
Jung Yonghu slowly turned his gaze and looked at the National Palace Museum.
Inside there lies the fatal accident site they were looking for.
"Why don’t you wait a little longer and go in? Are you planning to rush in now?"
The King of Assassins next to him let out a voice filled with concern.
"We still don’t know how the situation inside has developed. Since the 'disaster' has been unleashed, it must have become hell. We should send a scouting party to find out the situation inside first."
"Everyone would be dead. Unless Kim Dokja is inside."
Kim Dokja.
After hearing those words, the King of Assassins made an uneasy expression.
"That’s true, but wouldn’t it be a good idea to check anyway?"
"The 'fight for the throne' will soon begin."
Battle for the throne.
The main event of the fourth scenario, fighting for the only absolute throne on the Korean Peninsula.
+
<Qualifications for King>
1. 「The owner of the throne should be braver than anyone else.」
—The throne never wants a weak king. To challenge for the throne, you must be a king who possesses at least a [Black Flag].
2. 「He who dreams of the throne is also qualified for that desire.」
—There is a certain number of 'kings' who can challenge the absolute throne. To win the challenge, you must eliminate other kings around you.
+
The number of remaining kings was not yet indicated, but the number had been reduced in advance so there was nothing to worry about.
"Eliminate them all before the last condition opens. It would be better if you can also get the 'Death Sword'."
Just as they were preparing to rush in. A messenger shouted urgently.
"A group is approaching."
Along with the report, a group of incarnations were seen approaching from the opposite direction.
Chungmuro Group.
It was a group led by the Seventh Apostle Ye Hyunwoo and the military commander Gong Pildu.
One of the most powerful forces at the moment, possessing the 'black flag', but the king of their side seemed completely unconcerned.
"He looks confident."
"Of course. There is no problem with at least one of the seven apostles."
A powerful wave of magical energy pulsated from the tyrant king’s entire body.
"Because I am not the 'tyrant king' of the original."
If you think about it, the Tyrant King in the original was a king who used the 'prophets' to gain power.
A powerful incarnation that uses the prophets as its background castle and uses the S-class item 'Three Rings' as his main weapon.
But now he had knowledge not of Ways of Survival, but of Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint.
From the beginning, he acquired all kinds of hidden items and absorbed elixirs to increase his polymerization ability.
"Even if the third round’s Yoo Joonghyuk is empty, I am confident that I can kill him."
It was possible for him now. Even if that 'Supreme King' appears, he won't be able to defeat him now.
As if representing his confidence, a tradition struck from the distant sky.
The tyrant king looked at the sky and dressed in triumph.
"It looks like <Star Stream> also knows who the strongest king is."
It sounded like an obvious villain’s line. Maybe it was because he had read too many fantasy novels. The Tyrant King smiled bitterly. Once again, it was traditional. Lightning struck the ground intermittently. Even between the lightning strikes, something black was flying towards them.
What?
The Tyrant King frowned and held his weapon, and the shield soldiers guarding around him stepped forward.
The first to sense something strange was the Assassin King.
"That…"
When the Tyrant King turned around, the Assassin King, whose complexion had turned white, was already running away.
The moment the Tyrant King was about to shout something at the Assassin King, a black lightning bolt fell on their heads.
Jung Yonghu wielded a three-wheeled ring and released his magical power.
"This is it-"
There's just no way he could get hit by lightning. He was the Tyrant King Jung Yonghu.
"This is it-"
But something was strange. The moment he was struck by lightning, his three-wheeled ring was broken. It wasn't just the three-wheeled rings. Arms, legs. To be exact, everything in his body was falling apart.
"What is this-"
Leaving behind the final lines of a mass-produced villain, his soul was erased in a black lightning strike. Along with the fantasy novels he collected illegally.
As the thick dust settled, a landscape as if a meteorite had fallen unfolded.
The only thing that existed inside the deep crater was a man holding a pitch-black sheet and looking vaguely at the sky.
The man swung it around as if testing his new acquisition and muttered.
"I felt like I felt energy from here. Was it an illusion?"
Then the little girl hanging on his back came down to the floor and asked.
"Brother. Who are you looking for?"
"There is such a guy."
The man carrying the girl on his shoulders again jumped lightly to the top of the crater.
Now, the incarnations nearby cried out in astonishment.
Ye Hyunwoo, who was at the head of the incarnations, muttered.
"Yoo Joonghyuk?"
Yoo Joonghyuk looked at Ye Hyunwoo.
Looking at those cool eyes, Ye Hyunwoo quickly raised both of his hands.
"I didn’t come here to fight."
Yoo Joonghyuk glanced at Ye Hyunwoo for a moment as if he was not interested, and then went to the collapsed building.
He looked towards the 'Palace Museum'.
"The scenario has changed again. Why did the museum collapse?"
"Who’s in there?"
Ye Hyunwoo, who was smiling, nodded his head.
"Is it Cheon Inho?"
Ye Hyunwoo didn’t know what to answer.
Now, there were quite a few powerful people inside the museum.
Moreover, if it was 'Cheon Inho', there was no need to worry much about whoever the opponent was.
That was until he saw Yoo Joonghyuk in front of him.
'It doesn't make sense.'
He was surprised when he saw it before, but not to this extent.
It was only 41 times.
It wasn't even 1,863 rounds, it was 41 rounds, which is the early part of the regressions.
But what on earth is this strength?
Ye Hyunwoo thought, salivating at his enthusiasm that made his neck feel like it would fly off just by getting close to him.
'If Yoo Joonghyuk is targeting other 'kings'…'
The second qualifications for the king had already been announced.
Yoo Joonghyuk will reduce the number of kings.
If he is moving to win, it could be dangerous to reveal Cheon Inho's whereabouts.
When Ye Hyunwoo didn't answer for a long time, Yoo Joonghyuk’s eyebrows twitched.
The moment when the angle of the spear he was holding slowly changed.
<@>[Hmm, I didn't know that the number of kings had already decreased so much.]
Tsutsutsu-
A dokkaebi appeared in the air making a sound.
<@>[I guess it's time to start the final task.]
'Paul', a mid-level dokkaebi who appeared at the right time, announced the final task.
+
<Qualifications for King>
3. 「Therefore, the only king is the one who stands alone without anyone’s help.」
—A king who can challenge the absolute throne must be able to prove his strength with only his body.
+
<!>[Qualifications of the Last King begins.]
<!>[Qualified kings move to the final battlefield’s location.]
Finally, it was time to determine the owner of the throne.
