<title>668 Episode 21 Kim Dokja (4)
We left the dungeon right away. Once we acquired the Death Sword, there was no longer any reason to stay in the 'Star Labyrinth'.
<!>[Escape from the 'Star Labyrinth'.]
As we came out of the labyrinth, a collapsed waiting room appeared. Has the nearby terrain changed because of everything outside?
Even if I didn't have to use the 'Everchanging Stealth Suit', it seemed like a way out could be opened by clearing away a few piles of rocks. Since I didn't have much time, I started working right away. And as if passing by, I opened my mouth.
"But editor."
"Yes."
"That one from earlier is 'Gingoa'."
Ji Eunyu answered, digging in the field with me.
"It’s the power of my constellation."
Ji Eunyu suppressed my [madness] by borrowing the spell of 'Gingoa'. If it weren't for her, the summoning of the 'Death Sword' would have been impossible to even attempt. However, a constellation of that level did not have the virtue to cause such a miracle.
<!>[The constellation 'God of Alcohol and Ectasy' looks at Min Jiwon.]
<!>[The constellation 'Liar With a Long Nose' asks, isn’t that the constellation Gingoa?]
<!>[The constellation 'Reclining Dragon' is handling its ink.]
<!>[Some constellations are astonished by 'Gingoa’s' supernatural abilities!]
<!>[Some Holy Sees request a probability check from the Administration!]
Gingoa’s holy relic.
<!>[The constellation 'The Prisoner of the Golden Headband picks his ears.]
To be exact, it was from the 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband– a relic of the Great Sage, Heaven’s Equal.
So, is Ji Eunyu’s background character Jecheon Daeseong? Or is it Shakyamuni or Buddhist Master Sanjang who gave the Great Sage, Heaven’s Equal that relic?
If not that too.
"There is a price, right?"
Ji Eunyu’s pupils briefly wavered at my question.
I expected it.
It was not a power that could be exercised in only the fourth scenario. It was a transfer that was enough to neutralize one of the core conditions of the initial scenario. Even if her constellation was the Great Sage, Heaven’s Equal, it would not be easy.
One step later, Ji Eunyu’s head moved.
"I cannot participate in this scenario as a 'king'."
I knew it. Perhaps her constellation negotiated with the administration on the condition that their own incarnation did not obtain the 'King's Tale'.
After digging through the last remains of the museum, we saw Gwanghwamun in the distance. Dark red clouds were swirling above the pitch-black sky.
It was a precursor to the 'Great Hall'.
"Go quickly."
I nodded.
Maybe it's already too late.
Yoo Joonghyuk has already sat on the absolute throne, and this world's destruction may have been confirmed.
Even so, I have to see it with my own eyes. At least, I have an obligation to do so now.
"I’ll be back."
After catching a glimpse of Ji Eunyu for a moment, I ran straight toward the square.
***
Ji Eunyu saw the back of Lee Hakhyun walking away.
She wanted to let him know he could stop it.
This isn't a novel, it's real life. If he dies there, he’ll really die.
But just as she couldn't stop Lee Hakhyun's novels from failing, she couldn't stop Lee Hakhyun this time either.
Ji Eunyu thought of the face of Lee Hakhyun she knew. For some reason, his face could not come to mind clearly, but she clearly remembered what kind of person he was.
'Love for stories.'
There are many people who like stories.
But in her opinion, Lee Hakhyun was especially special. He's been like that since they first met. He was always writing sentences, wherever he was.
It was as if he was afraid of all the 'space' that exists in this world.
Blood flowed from inside. As she lightly bent down and spat out blood, a message rang in her head.
<!>[You have used power that has surpassed its limits.]
As expected, it was unreasonable to use 'Gingoa' for the beginning scenarios.
If it weren't for her constellation in the first place, she wouldn't have been able to even try.
<!>[The constellation 'Lotus Flower Blooming Under the Moonlight' looks worried.]
Ji Eunyu could feel the gaze of the constellation behind her watching her from the sky.
Lotus flower blooming under the moonlight.
Her constellation was a well-known leading role in 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint'.
The person who protected Kim Dokja in the closest place to Kim Dokja.
In a sense, she is a being who understands human beings better than anyone else.
"Yoo Sangah."
Light sparks flew in the air, and her reply was answered.
<!>[The constellation 'Lotus Flower Blooming Under the Moonlight' says it is not too late.]
It's not too late.
She knew that Lee Hakhyun's 'It's not too late' and her constellation’s 'It's not too late' had completely different meanings.
"Do you think the author is wrong? Do you still think this story shouldn’t be changed?"
<!>[The constellation 'Lotus Flower Blooming Under the Moonlight' says that it does not matter whether it is right or wrong.]
It doesn't matter whether it's right or wrong
<!>[The constellation 'Lotus Flower Blooming Under the Moonlight' says that all stories just flow towards an ending.]
"If you become a constellation, will everyone talk like a constellation?"
She did not say anything.
Ji Eunyu added, looking up into space with a bitter expression.
"The author probably knows, too, that my constellation is you."
Lee Hakhyun is not an idiot.
Probably, the moment Lee Hakhyun witnessed the power of 'Gingoa', he would have already realized everything.
Throughout 'Omniscient Reader’s , there are only a handful of beings who can cause such a miracle.
"What do you want?"
<!>[The constellation 'Lotus Blooming Under the Moonlight' answers the 'end'.]
"You just want to get 'your Kim Dokja' back."
<!>[The constellation 'Lotus Flower Blooming Under the Moonlight' is silent.]
"What will happen to this world if the ending you wish for comes true? Will it be destroyed as planned?"
<!>[The constellation 'Lotus Blooming Under the Moonlight' hesitates to answer.]
Ji Eunyu did not dig further. Perhaps this is an unanswerable question for her constellation.
And maybe that wasn't really what she was curious about.
"Are me and the author... one of those 'fragments'?"
Before she knew it, the back of Lee Hakhyun's head was far away.
She could see his white coat shaking from the rain.
Ji Eunyu thought that the coat looked good on him. Still, she also wished he didn't wear that coat.
Her constellation did not reply for a long time.
A note was heard from far away. It seemed like the fight had started again.
When Lee Hakhyun finally disappeared, her constellation opened her mouth.
<!>[The constellation 'Lotus Flower Blooming Under the Moonlight' says that the ending of this story is fixed, but no one knows the ending of “this” story.]
Those were strange words. Those strange words were somehow familiar to Ji Eunyu.
She said, "That sounds exactly like the first sentence of a novel I know."
Probably because she already knows similar sentences.
She said, "There are ways to survive in a ruined world, and now I've forgotten some of them."
After hesitating for a moment, Ji Eunyu added her words again. She edited a story for a long time, sentences she read and reread.
"But one thing is certain. That is, if you are reading this right now, you will stay alive."
Ji Eunyu prayed that the sentence was true.
***
Rain fell from the sky over Gwanghwamun. The rain mixed with blood and dyed the floor red. A man's face was reflected in the pool of blood.
Looking at that unfamiliar face, Killer King swallowed a sigh.
'How can this happen?'
Everything was calculated.
'The Last King' proceeded as he expected, and so did the content of the scenario.
+
3. 「Therefore, the only king is the one who stands alone without anyone’s help.
—A king who can challenge the absolute throne must be able to prove his strength with only his body.
+
<!>[From now on, no king will be able to receive support from their constellation.]
<!>[From now on, the attack and defense power of all items will be limited.]
<!>[From now on, all skills, stigma, and special options for items will be sealed.]
<!>[From now on, all kings’ overall stats will change to 10/10/10/10/10.]
<!>[The 'Qualification of the Last King' continues until the last person remains.]
The 'last king’s qualification' was a 'raw battle' in which no equipment, skills, or stigma could be used.
An ordeal in which everyone has the same level 10 overall abilities and must defeat all other kings with just one body.
<!>[The constellation 'Maritime War God' sighs and monitors the situation.]
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' congratulates the new owner of the throne.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' asks if that makes sense now.]
<!>[Many constellations are astonished by the results of 'The Last Qualifications'.]
Killer King has been steadily preparing for this ordeal ever since he possessed a character.
The key point of 'Qualifications for the Last King' is to collect as many 'coins' as possible. In the main story, Kim Dokja used coins in this battlefield to temporarily increase his overall abilities to the limit, and used a trick to defeat Yoo Joonghyuk.
<!>[83,000 coins were consumed.]
So Killer King did the same. He collected more coins than Kim Dokja in the main story, and poured out more coins generously. It was capital that would disappear when the scenario ended, but he didn't care. This is because it was more important to stop Yoo Joonghyuk in front of him.
In fact, the operation worked. He strengthened his overall abilities to the limit and gave Yoo Joonghyuk a hard time with his strength exceeding 100.
Until then, the operation was effective. He thought it was valid.
"It looks like you used all your coins."
That was until Yoo Joonghyuk stopped him.
"Where did you get this information?"
Is it simply because his abilities were high?
It wasn't. His abilities were his abilities, but the Yoo Joonghyuk in front of him had a different cost.
Softness that controls strength. There was an unprecedented energy spreading from Yoo Joonghyuk's palm. It was neither a skill nor a power. Nevertheless, the power that is the 'source of all power'.
He felt goosebumps running down his spine.
'There were no restrictions not to use stories.'
But this realization came too late. His vision became dark and he fell to the ground.
He couldn't understand what was happening.
When he opened his eyes with a feeling of nausea, he saw the Immortal King Lee Dansu and Bald-headed King Gong Pildu lying on the floor.
The Assassin King was also seen absconding immediately and hiding among the crowd.
A late sigh came out.
<!>[Incarnation 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has passed all the tests of 'Absolute Throne'.]
Finished.
Killer King lifted his head in a daze and watched the back of Yoo Joonghyuk moving away.
They lost.
As Yoo Joonghyuk took one step, the crowd retreated like waves. Even those who were overwhelmed by his spirit bowed to their knees.
There was.
"Supreme King…"
Someone called him by a nickname.
"Supreme King! The winner is the Supreme King!"
"The only king of the Korean peninsula!"
The commotion then turned into cheers. Some were afraid of him, some were jealous of him.
And everyone was in awe of him.
An overwhelming force that single-handedly defeated all kings.
Looking at Yoo Joonghyuk like that, Killer King thought.
<&>「I am not Yoo Joonghyuk.」
He stumbled and got up from the floor.
He knew he couldn't fight. He was really feeling this. Even if all the possessed readers gather together, it will be impossible to stop Yoo Joonghyuk.
Nevertheless, Killer King promised.
'I am Ja Sungwoo.'
I will stop the world's destruction.
There was no hesitation in Yoo Joonghyuk’s steps. There were now less than thirty steps left to the 'Absolute Throne'.
"Brother!"
When did she escape from the dungeon?
Yerin, who had recovered from her internal injuries to some extent, was running towards him, releasing her magical energy from all over her body.
<!>[Incarnation 'Lee Seyeon'’s 'Battle Action Mode' is activated!]
Battle action mode.
Killer King looked at the controller that appeared in front of him.
There is no other way.
They have to stop Yoo Joonghyuk somehow. And this skill was the strongest skill that the siblings could use together.
A special move that can inflict fatal wounds on even an S-class poisonous dragon.
With this, it was theoretically possible to deal with Yoo Joonghyuk.
But why does he have this ominous feeling?
"Is it a game?"
The moment Killer King heard Yoo Joonghyuk's muttering, he felt like he had been doused with cold water. Why did he forget it?
"Yerin!"
He grabbed the controller and ran.
This fight can never be won.
The opponent is none other than the 'Supreme King'.
And the Supreme King's previous occupation was—
<!>[Incarnation's 'Yoo Joonghyuk'’s characteristic is activated!]
Kwaaaaaaaa!
With a loud noise, Ja Yerin's body crumpled after activating the skill.
Killer King barely caught her sister as she flew away, coughing up blood.
His younger sister was screaming and coughing up blood.
He could see traces of the [Hundred Steps Divine Fist] that had passed through her waist.
A blow that accurately predicted the preparatory movements just before death. In that short period of time, Yoo Joonghyuk realized the weakness of [Battle Action Mode].
"Do you want to die?"
Killer King slowly looked around.
No one has died yet.
That fact reassured him and despaired him at the same time.
The Supreme King had been looking after them until now.
They can't win.
His body was giving in before his mind.
He thought he knew Yoo Joonghyuk well until now. He read the entire novel 100 times and believed that he understood him more accurately than the author who wrote the story.
But this is something else.
The moment he met Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes, Killer King became distant, like a person facing a book whose thickness he could not guess.
The life he lived is so different.
No one can stop him.
No one can understand him.
No one in this world-
"Until there."
A small grumbling voice.
"Damn it. I never wanted to go through this scenario again."
Someone blocked Yoo Joonghyuk's path.
A blue combat uniform made of elastic material.
The 'Blade of Faith' spits out brilliant white light from its blade.
"Aren’t you tired too?"
The person standing there was not Kim Dokja. But in a sense, she was a person who understood this world better than Kim Dokja.
Everyone in the place, including Killer King, Ja Yerin, and Lee Dansu, looked at the same face in fascination.
It was their first time seeing this face.
But it was a face that they all could not help but recognize.
The person who summoned the 'Death Sword' before anyone else in the original story. The one who went beyond the king and called herself the Black Flames Empress.
"Yoo Joonghyuk."
A writer in this world.
"Can you stop writing your story now?"
Han Sooyoung.
