<title>669 Episode 21 Kim Dokja (5)
The 'Absolute Throne' was shining in the distance.
A seat where only one king can sit.
At one time, Han Sooyoung also wanted to sit in that seat. She believed that if she sat down there, she would be compensated for all the sorrow she had endured.
That was until she realized that even that desire was nothing more than a play for the constellations.
<!>[A significant number of constellations are aware of your presence.]
<!>[Very few constellations are concerned about your intervention.]
<!>[Some constellations are requesting the Bureau to review your probability.]
She could feel the gaze of the stars across the distant sky.
Will the stars understand her story now?
<!>[A constellation that has not yet revealed its modifier is looking at you.]
What she wanted was farther and farther away than that throne.
It was so distant that she couldn't quite tell what it was.
<&>「She had no reason to intervene in this situation.」
This was the 41st round’s normal development.
Yoo Jonghyuk, in the 41st round, will take the 'absolute throne' and walk the path of a supreme king who rules over everything.
No one will be able to stand on the same level as him.
No path will arise for him.
<&>「Just leave it alone.」
If she just sat back and watched, the 41st round would end up in failure.
At the end of this story, Yoo Jonghyuk, in despair, will send Shin Yoosoung to the past.
That ends the story of this world line.
Kim Dokja will return to her again after reading all of her stories.
He has to come back.
For his sake, she must not move. Not write even a single sentence.
She has to let the characters move and flow. She knew it well. But why?
"Yoo Jonghyuk. If you sit over there, it’s all over."
Did she finally pick up the pen?
"You guessed it too, right? What the absolute throne is."
Of course, she knows the answer.
Even now, when she closes her eyes, the memory comes to mind clearly. It may be because she saw something she shouldn't have seen.
<&>「"What you’re trying to do is not end the story, but give up."」
Kim Dokja, whom she ignored. Kim Dokja, who did not want to be reborn as Kim Dokja again.
Nevertheless, Kim Dokja had to return to this story again.
She found Kim Dokja and that's why she's here now.
"Are you Han Sooyoung?"
Yoo Jonghyuk of the 41st round was looking at her.
Han Sooyoung asked bitterly.
"Who told you my name?"
Han Sooyoung quietly stared at the Yoo Jonghyuk from the 41st round.
"I owed you a beating last time."
This was her second fight with Yoo Joonghyuk in the 41st round.
"Do you think this time will be different?"
"It will be different."
"It looks like your learning ability is poor. If you’ve ever fought, you’d know that, right? It’s not for me."
On the rooftop of the theater dungeon, she bumped into Yoo Joonghyuk once.
She risked the odds and drew on her story, and she took advantage of the weakness of 'regressive depression' to subdue Yoo Joonghyuk.
But is that possible this time too?
She couldn't figure it out.
"Well, you must have regressed more than 40 times."
She didn't know, so she deliberately provoked him. She tried to spy on the guy's reaction, but Yoo Joonghyuk didn't come over. His eyes, deep as the sea of ​​silk, just stared at her.
All surrounding sounds disappeared.
Tension weighing heavily on the area. Silence where not a single insect cries.
The one who moved first was Han Sooyoung.
The sound of something being pushed away was heard one step later, and his black spear and her white sword clashed in the air.
Her magical power and his physical power intertwined, and a tearing sound rose through the rain clouds.
She lost.
Kaaaaang!
A lightning-like dramatic impact weighed heavily on Han Sooyoung. Let's believe in her spirit and her skills. Yoo Jonghyuk opened his  mouth.
"It seems you also know about regression."
"So are you surprised?"
"I expected it."
Yoo Jonghyuk spoke without even raising an eyebrow.
"Because there were a lot of strange people in this round."
Strange guys. Han Sooyoung knew who he was referring to.
"Everyone said they knew me."
Her sharp emotions were buried at the end of her words. The anger of the returner who had been forged again and again was condensing.
<!>[Incarnation 'Yoo Jonghyuk'’s 'Spiritual Soul Height Lv.10' is activated!]
Black magical power swirled in the gravitational force of the spear.
Han Sooyoung’s expression hardened at the creepy waveform of magical power.
From now on, it's real.
Han Sooyoung took her chances and opened up her own stories.
With the sound of her striking the black flame dragon's holy soul drum, which made her called her special flame black dragon Emperor, the pole pole filled with her [Earth and Soul Field] and the dot pole filled with [special flame] collided.
She was Han Sooyoung and she was confident.
Even though Yoo Joonghyuk was a powerful martial artist, there was no way he could stand up to her.
Coo coo coo coo!
A magic wave that turns one side of the sky pitch black.
The first to be pushed out was Han Sooyoung. Han Sooyoung's expression was so disgusted that she cried and swallowed the blood that came up her throat.
'Nonsense.'
No matter how the aftereffects of probability were, she was the one who saw the end of the scenarios twice.
The Yoo Jonghyuk floating in the sky right now was only Yoo Jonghyuk from the 41st round.
But how?
<&>「"Don’t underestimate me in the 41st round."」
One step too late, the advice of her fellow regressor came to mind.
<&>「"It’s only the 41st round, so what?"」
<&>「"His character may be different."」
This world was not even recorded in Ways of Survival.
In a sense, it is a world line that writer Han Sooyoung does not really know.
Yoo Jonghyuk lived a 41-rounds life that no one recorded.
That Yoo Jonghyuk was speaking.
"Do you know me too?"
Han Sooyoung bit her lip.
<&>「She said, "You are the one who sent Shin Yoosoung to the past because you thought you couldn’t do it alone. How strong can a guy who gave up so easily be?"」
<&>「"That’s the problem."」
<&>「"What?"」
<&>「"There is no way I could have collapsed that much in only the 41st round."」
Han Sooyoung looked at Yoo Jonghyuk. He was telling the story embedded in his whole body.
That story is proof of his life.
Han Sooyoung slowly felt a chill go down her spine.
<&>「"In that world line, I have given up on the possibility of the next round. I probably saw a despair that I couldn't overcome no matter how hard I tried. I concluded that I, who can return on my own, cannot see the end without sending Shin Yoosoung to another world line."」
Looking at Yoo Jonghyuk's eyes, Han Sooyoung thinks about the regressor.
 the world, excluding the regressor, regresses.
The soul of the regressor continues to age and memories accumulate.
Touching and sick heart.
Endless depression and madness.
Han Sooyoung also knew.
Regression was not a curse that an ordinary human could bear, and Yoo Jonghyuk was not an ordinary human.
Steel-like mentality and unwavering spirit. Yoo Jonghyuk is a person who is so strong that he cannot be described simply as 'strong'.
A protagonist created to endure a number of 1,863 regressions.
<&>「"If I made such an extreme judgment in only the 41st round."」
The 'main character' gave up his future in only the 41st round. And he tied the future to his past self.
<&>「"That guy did his best to the point where he couldn’t survive his next life."」
"It seems you don’t know."
A story arose.
It's an endlessly cancerous and ominous story that they don't know when or how it was acquired.
Han Sooyoung thought.
Really strong. It's hard to believe that it's the 41st round. He seems stronger than any other 'Yoo Jonghyuk' who lived through the fourth scenario.
If she uses Kim Dokja Company's story, she can win. But if she does that…
<!>[The <Star Stream> is reacting to your choices.]
This time, the probability of this world will not forgive her.
Ga-ga-ga-ga-gak!
Seeing Yoo Jonghyuk's sword flying, Han Sooyoung also swung her sword in front of her.
Once, twice, three times.
Every time her spear and sword clashed, the sound of her grip being torn apart could be heard.
Her blood flowed and her nerves became numb little by little.
Four times.
Han Sooyoung finally lost her sword.
'Unbreakable Faith' broke and fell to the ground.
A moment's gap.
Yoo Jonghyuk did not hesitate. As if there was no place for her in this world, Yoo 
Jonghyuk threw out his spear with a cold motion.
A slow blow to the heart.
Han Sooyoung looked down at her own wounds as if she couldn't believe it, and then looked up at Yoo Joonghyuk.
That was the last time.
It was a life-threatening wound that did not need to be repeated twice.
Yoo Joonghyuk retrieved his own spear the moment after seeing Han Sooyoung had disappeared.
"It hurts, kid."
A voice came from behind.
Yoo Joonghyuk, startled, immediately tried to swing the spear backwards.
"Do you know how much memory loss there is once your avatar dies?"
Two small, soft hands wrapped around his head.
Tsutsutsutsuchut!
A dazzling spark and a terrible shock engulfed Yoo Jonghyuk's mind. Unable to withstand the aftermath, Yoo Jonghyuk's whole body trembled like an aspen tree.
The story in Han Sooyoung’s hands burrowed into Yoo Jonghyuk’s head.
<&>「"The stronger the guy, the heavier the weight of his despair."」
This is what her colleague told her.
<&>「"Probably, he will easily sink to just one feather."」
Han Sooyoung knew better than anyone else what the weakness of a regressor who experienced deep despair was.
<!>[The gaint story, 'Kim Dokja’s Company' begins.]
His stomach churned and his whole body trembled as if he had been shocked.
"What do happy memories taste like, you bastard?"
Memories of <Kim Dokja Company> flowed from her fingertips.
<&>「"Why is that kid so good at cooking?"」
Memories of Kim Dokja and her stealing Yoo Jonghyuk's dishes and eating them.
Memories of the picnic where <Kim Dokja’s Company> gathered together and left. In their story that had not yet ended, Kim Dokja that she remembered was speaking.
<&>「"Next time, let’s bring more beef."」
Han Sooyoung looked at the story blankly. The fact that such a time even existed now seemed unrealistic.
A person who can exist only in sentences.
The stories that were clearly her memories now seemed like lies in a novel written by someone else.
Han Sooyoung smiled as she looked at Yoo Jonghyuk's eyes that had turned white.
"I’m about to die of happiness."
Happiness. As she pronounced that word, Han Suyoung momentarily tilted her head.
What was that?
Is it because the avatar died and lost some of her memories? Han Sooyoung couldn't immediately remember the meaning of that word. Perhaps that wasn't all she had lost.
However, she trusted Han Sooyoung.
<!>[The constellation 'Lotus Flower Blooming Under the Moonlight' is watching you.]
Her companion who would remember those words for her.
<&>「"I told you I’d try to persuade you. Are you ready to be persuaded?"」
Find a writer to write her story for her.
"You damn son of a bitch."
Han Sooyoung finally understood her own actions, muttering a phrase that she would never use.
All writers were readers before they were writers, and Han Sooyoung was the same.
I'm curious about the story he makes. Even after all that hardship, he came back to this world, and the story he wanted to tell was.
<!>[The constellation 'Lotus Flower Blooming Under the Moonlight' looks at you with sad eyes.]
So she stopped Yoo Jonghyuk.
<!>[The constellation 'Sneaky Schemer' bows his head.]
She acted arbitrarily without consulting with other members of <Kim Dokja’s Company>.
"You think so too, Yoo Jonghyuk?"
Maybe because of her choice, she knew that all the plans she had made could go wrong.
Taking a light breath, Han Sooyoung lifted the stunned Yoo Jonghyuk onto her shoulder.
She didn't have much time left now.
Yoo Jonghyuk will wake up soon.
In the meantime, she must destroy the 'Absolute Throne'.
Only then will this scenario end.
<&>「But there was something she didn’t know.」
Han Sooyoung suddenly felt the hairs on the back of her hand stand up.
With a deafening sound, she heard the strange sound of a huge scale tipping from somewhere.
Han Sooyoung immediately realized what was happening. She has participated in this scenario on other floating ships, so it is unlikely that the abnormality she caused would lead to a riot, but she did not expect the fallout to take this form.
The probability was running wild.
Han Sooyoung opened her mouth without realizing it. She knew this feeling well.
"The 'Great Hall' opens."
A huge hole was opening beyond the black swirling sky.
<!>[The gods of this world have noticed your presence!]
<!>[The scales of probability are in equilibrium.]
The owner of the 'Absolute Throne' was appearing beyond the 'Great Hall of the Sky'.
