<title>676 Episode 21 Kim Dokja (12)
Han Sooyoung looked at me. And she smiled and answered.
"You’re good at lying, you."
It doesn't work after all.
Well, there is no way that Han Sooyoung, who is not just anyone else, would not recognize 'Kim Dokja'.
Stories constantly flowed from Han Sooyoung’s fingertips, warming the surroundings. I felt as warm as when I was handed a cup of warm tea by Kim Dokja in the snowy field.
"How did you get here?"
There was only one way to get here from the scenario area on Earth.
"Have you crossed the Great Hall?"
Risking her life to cross the 'Great Hall'.
But why would she? For what reason?
Instead of answering, Han Sooyoung looked up at the sky.
Something like an opaque barrier appeared between the pitch-black sky. There were things shaking as if they were walls.
I immediately realized what they were.
A deity from another world.
These are also higher-level beings that I had never seen before.
It wasn't even just one.
A number so big that it covers the entire sky.
If just one of them lands in front of me, it will be fatal.
"Don’t worry. They can’t get over."
Han Sooyoung added without the slightest trace of fear.
"Even though this is an area on the outskirts of the scenario, those with a certain level of status will never be able to cross that 'Void Curtain'. And-"
The moment she finished speaking, I felt like something was trying to break through the curtain.
The moment a long tentacle pushed out the periphery of the curtain and popped out like a lump of water, a roar rang out from beyond the curtain.
A wave of magical power was seen crossing the opaque curtain.
A trajectory reminiscent of a meteor shower.
The gods of the other world that touched the trajectory were making loud noises and retreating or oxidizing.
"Because there is someone blocking it."
The infinitely deep trust felt in Han Sooyoung’s voice.
I know who is dealing with the gods of this world beyond the veil.
It was the same.
"You said your name was Lee Hakhyun."
I nodded and said.
"Did I make a full introduction?"
"Do you really have to tell me? You know my name too."
That's right.
We've never told each other our names.
Still, I knew hers.
We were telling each other's stories.
"Names are important. All stories are complete only when they are named."
<!>[The story 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' resonates.]
The sentences she wrote and I wrote were chattering in the air.
<&>「"A writer does not have complete control over his novel. When I suddenly look back, there are many holes here and there. In the end, reading is the work of connecting those irregular holes in one’s own way."」
The sentences burned in the air and gave off a gentle energy. In this place without any scenarios, only the story was protecting us from the cold.
<&>「"I don’t know what you’re talking about."」
<&>「"…It means that over time, you can see what you wrote as if it were written by someone else. All humans are ultimately others to themselves."」
Han Sooyoung lit up her stories one by one, as if burning her matches, to provide warmth.
I couldn't ask if she was okay.
Of course she won't be okay.
I said something else.
"I had fun back then."
What did my answer mean?
Han Sooyoung's eyes briefly wavered.
"You remember?"
"How could I forget?"
In a way, that was my memory.
In my past life, I lived those times, and in this life, I wrote about those times, so I have lived them and lived them twice. And now, by reading them, I am living my third life.
I asked as I watched the story unfold in silence.
"Isn’t it a waste?"
Han Sooyoung pursed her lips and said.
"It’s okay now. You read it."
I nodded.
"Because Kim Dokja has a good memory."
"Huh."
 We become readers once again, sentences that disappear in flames watched.
In those sentences, Kim Dokja was the king of a kingless world, the one who stood against miracles, the one who killed the king of disaster and the god of the other world, and the demon king of salvation.
"What salvation. Damn salvation."
I burst out laughing without realizing it. Han Sooyoung also smiled.
Regardless of our laughter, Kim Dokja’s story continued.
Liberate the industrial complex, confront the zodiac, confront the constellations of the Gourmet Association, visit the island of the reincarnated, liberate forgotten stories, and be acknowledged by the Last Dragon of the Apocalypse.
In it, Kim Dokja was called by various names.
Muttering the names that were on the tip of our tongues, we told the whole story together as if we were readers of the same person.
"Lee Hakhyun."
Suddenly, when she turned her head, a story burning like a fire was fluttering in her eyes.
<&>「"Kim Dokja! You too, say something! When will I feel like this again?"」
I knew what she was going to say.
She said, "Can I call you 'Kim Dokja' one more time?"
I smiled bitterly.
I was going to say so.
Because lying is what I'm best at in the world.
However.
"Kim Dokja, I’m sorry."
I was suddenly speechless.
Why is this person apologizing to me?
For a moment, a feeling of dizziness struck my head. The box of memories that had been locked deep in the deep sea was opened, and scenes from the past came to mind one after another.
<&>「"Kim Dokja, I’m sorry."」
In 49% of my memories, Han Sooyoung was speaking.
I was going to ask if this had been said before.
But Han Sooyoung was faster.
"I've wanted to tell you several times, but as you know, I'm not good at apologizing."
I looked at Han Sooyoung like that.
"In the 1865th round, it took the group two years to see the end of the scenarios."
During those two years, a lot happened to us while we were overcoming numerous scenarios.
<&>「"What are you sorry about?"」
<&>「"That is."」
<&>「" About you trying to cut my head?"」
My former self said to Han Sooyoung, who lowered her head.
<&>「"I don't mind. When did we stop trying to kill each other?"」
<&>「"That was back then. Now—"」
<&>「"If I were you, it would be the same. If Han Sooyoung had suddenly said that she actually plagiarized 'Ways of Survival', she would have been beheaded right away."」
<&>「"Ah, if you still say that..."」
2 years is not short. We talked a lot during those two years. I have come close to death several times. We ate the dishes prepared by Yoo Jonghyuk together.
<&>「"But I’m sure I almost killed you."」
In that world, 49% of Kim Dokja received what the original Kim Dokja should have received.
I went to the Han River and the sea with my group and ate chicken and pizza.
Although we did not live together in a very large house, we lived in that world together in a clear form. With them, I saw the completion of another world.
Han Sooyoung was speaking at the end of the world.
<&>「"I will die for you at least once."」
The girl from the past who spoke as if she had multiple lives was now in front of my eyes.
"Sorry."
She was repeating the same apology again. As if she had never apologized before.
Why?
Didn’t the whole story end at the 1865th round?
<&>「"I had an alter ego that I created when I first used [Avatar]... I guess I gave away too many memories, but it suddenly became out of control and I couldn’t retrieve it."」
It was only when I saw the story disintegrating into flames before my eyes that I suddenly realized it.
I see, she is.
<&>「"I don’t know. But seeing as I'm fine now, it must have been a trivial memory."」
She has lost her memory.
<&>「It’s because of Kim Dokja.」
Thus, she became a person who could never forgive herself.
I was trying to say something but was hesitant.
The me of today and the me of yesterday are different. Moreover, between 49% Kim Dokja and me, there was a much thicker wall of today and yesterday.
As time passed, Kim Dokja became me.
To what extent can the person I am now represent the person I was in my past life?
"I’m not asking you to forgive me, you know. That’s the kind of person I am."
If Han Sooyoung doesn't remember the story, wouldn't staying quiet do it for now?
"I’m sorry about that too."
We paused for a moment and looked at the burning waterway of the snowflake.
Suddenly everything seemed funny.
She has forgotten her own memories and I cannot fully remember my past life either.
We, who are strangely similar, are speaking on behalf of our past selves who no longer exist.
"You tried to kill me."
Can one human being truly forgive another human being?
"I did."
Can past mistakes be forgiven in the future?
Can Kim Dokja from a past life become Lee Hakhyun now?
"That."
Perhaps it was a very easy forgiveness.
Just as Yoo Jonghyuk, who tried to kill Kim Dokja, was forgiven. I could have moved on as if nothing had happened.
But I could tell.
That's not what Han Sooyoung wants now.
"I can’t forgive it, you know?"
Han Sooyoung smiled.
As if she was finally satisfied with never being forgiven.
<&>「"Do you really think I’m an emotionless monster?"」
Han Sooyoung was seen running towards the Demon King of Salvation amidst the flames.
I was starting to get worried.
No matter how strong Han Sooyoung is, it would be dangerous if she lost stories anymore.
"Excuse me."
Cuckoo goo goo.
It was then that this happened in the sky.
Something was popping out near the void curtain that had been shaking earlier.
Han Sooyoung shook her head and reassured me.
"Don’t worry. Like I said before-"
There was a very faint sound of the curtain being torn, and something really came out.
Too small for a 'god from another world'.
I saw something resembling a human spreading black wings in the air.
"Han Sooyoung."
Han Sooyoung’s expression hardened.
"That’s—"
The humanoid god spread its wings in the sky and descended towards us.
Its form was small, but it didn't feel weak.
However, the ´Void Curtain' is a barrier that is affected by probability. Absolute beings of overwhelming status can never overcome that wall.
<&>「What if there was an entity that could control its status enough to pass through the 'veil'?」
<#>【Ooooooooo】
A cry that gives goosebumps.
I had no idea that I would even meet a god from another world in a situation where there was no scenario.
"I know what kind of guy he is."
Appearance of a human skeleton.
If you look closely, you can see the high neck and arms.
The backstory of various cultures was being shut down. Mold decorations that change every time the wings move.
Tsutsutsutsu!
A diamond shining brightly at the center of the crown on his head
Only then did I realize his identity.
"He is the one who created the absolute throne."
The reason why he came directly under the Void Veil was clear. It must be to find an 'agent' to inherit his throne. As it were,
"Yoo Jonghyuk."
It felt like the puzzles scattered around my head were coming together in an instant.
No way, the reason this person was so eager was.
"You."
Han Sooyoung stepped forward and said.
"You said you wanted to prevent the destruction of this world."
I could hear a strange heat in her voice. As I stood next to her, an unknown smile appeared on her lips.
"Even if Yoo Jonghyuk sits on the 'absolute throne', there is a way that this world will not be destroyed."
In the 41st round, Yoo Jonghyuk spoke through disaster Shin Yoosoung.
If you use the 'Absolute Throne', you will never see the right ending.
This is because the 'Absolute Throne' is the passage that connects to the 'God of the Other World'.
Then,
"Is that possible?"
What would happen if we eliminated the reason why the 'absolute throne' is the 'absolute throne'?
"It’s possible if I help."
I slowly grasped the hilt of the sword as I watched the otherworldly god coming down from the air.
There are two authors here.
But there is only one sentence to write.
"Here we’ll kill the 'founder of the absolute throne'."
