<title>677 Episode 21 Kim Dokja (13)
Two men stood in the pitch-black darkness. The corpses of the miserably severed tentacles were floating around them.
They were all otherworldly gods floating on the void veil.
Yoo Jonghyuk said after wiping away the black blood on the Black Heavenly Blade.
"You missed one guy."
A somewhat disapproving, scolding voice.
Then the man standing on the other side frowned.
"I guess I missed it."
The man wearing rags looked down at the empty curtain, calming the excitement flowing from his body.
The one who just ran away is now under that curtain.
"It’s hard to tear it open even with my stab."
The Void Veil.
The <Star Stream> was created to protect the scenario area from foreign interruption.
Only the Outer God who laid down his status by paying a great deal of probability is the only one who was able to go down.
The man looked down at the curtain and lightly pursed his lips.
"If you really want to destroy it, there’s nothing I can’t do."
"Then there will be hunting dogs targeting you."
"Do you think I’ll be scared of hunting dogs?"
Yoo Jonghyuk did not answer.
Because the man in front of him was fully qualified to say those words.
There are probably not more than ten beings in the entire universe who can match him.
"Anyway, did you bring me here just to deal with these guys?"
"There are stronger gods. You know the <Star Stream> too much."
"I came along expecting to find a place to destroy. If it continues like this, I will leave first."
After the man muttered that, he closed his eyes with his arm as a pillow, as if he was annoyed.
Yoo Jonghyuk looked at the man for a moment and then found sparks that faintly gathered around them.
Tsutsutsutsu-
Outside the Void Veil, the influence of Probability is lowered.
Nevertheless, the signs of probability aftermaths showed that the <Star Stream> recognized them as a great threat.
'It will be difficult to descend on this world line for the time being.' Yoo Jonghyuk glared at the void curtain.
Although he couldn't clearly see beyond the opaque curtain, there were definitely two people he knew underneath it, and he could hear the sound of another god from another world from the distance.
After grabbing the hilt of his sword, Yoo Jonghyuk muttered something quietly, not knowing to whom he was addressing it.
"Don’t die."
***
I don't know about other writers, but the first thing I consider before writing a story is one thing.
Is this a solvable case or an impossible case?
Most of them create incidents that can be solved somehow. Otherwise, long-term serialization will become difficult.
However, for any writer, there comes a moment when they have to take on an 'impossible event'.
<#>【Oooooooooooo-】
For me, it was now.
Someone who makes my stomach tingle just by looking at him from afar.
There was no way I could face such a monster with a sober mind.
"You can do it. The main character grows up fighting things like that."
I nodded.
Perhaps Han Sooyoung has already faced numerous otherworldly gods. So, a guy like that-
"I’ll tell you in advance, I can’t be the main character."
Han Sooyoung's incarnation body was definitely a mess. Even at a glance, I could see that the bones all over her body were elaborately twisted or broken.
"Instead, I will lend you my story. Now, go and fight, protagonist."
I looked at her in bewilderment.
The 'God of Another World' currently descending from the sky was
a high-level entity I had never met before.
But you want me to fight that thing alone?
It was absurd.
"It is possible."
<!>[The story 'Predictive Plagiarism' resides in your incarnation.]
The next moment, numerous Lee Hakhyun thoughts began to appear in my head.
<&>「If the god of the other world came down from under the veil, it would mean that he sacrificed his 'status' to that extent.」
<&>「There is a possibility that it is a clone and not the main body.」
<&>「It might be the strongest enemy I've ever encountered, but that doesn't mean I can't deal with it.」
Han Sooyoung's story that flowed through my body gave me strength.
Now that I think about it, I forgot. The god of another world is strong, but Han Sooyoung is also strong.
Moreover, if it is an area outside of the scenario, as it is now, her original story will also exert a power that transcends probability.
Coo coo coo coo coo.
I applied my thoughts to my whole body as if testing a medium-sized story.
'Thoughts.'
The appearance of 'thought' changed with my command.
<!>['Blade of Faith' is activated!]
I swung my sword at the 'founder of the absolute throne' who had approached me pointedly.
A strike that is dozens of times faster and more accurate than my usual attack. It felt like the Sword Master I had only heard about had possessed me.
Is that why?
Suga garak.
It was shallow. Although it was shallow, it definitely felt like something was being cut by the tip of the knife.
<#>【Oooooh-】
The guy let out a loud cry. It felt deafening and nauseating. My entire body's hairs rose, and the goosebumps that ran down my spine did not stop.
The cause was obvious.
<&>「The King's Tale.」
The story of a king who subjugates all living things was pouring out from his entire body.
My legs were shaking. The compulsion to kneel down immediately took hold of my mind.
This is the power of the founder of the Absolute Throne.
But I threw it away. I was able to endure it.
'I don’t know why.'
It may be because of Han Sooyoung’s story. It may be because the one who crossed the veil was considerably weakened, or it may be because I have already experienced hunting a god from another world once.
Either way, what is certain is that we need to make this situation 'solvable'.
<#>【Dare】
When I did not kneel easily, a dazzling blade appeared in the founder's hand. At first glance, it was a dangerous relic that had the shape of a great sword.
"Watch out! It’s Excalibur!"
With Han Sooyoung’s warning. A storm of terrifying stories raged before my eyes.
Oh oh oh oh oh-
The souls that died under the sword screamed horribly. Normally, it was a terrifying blow that would have made me part of them too.
But now I am different.
<!>[The story 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' continues.]
The stories we wrote were protecting us.
<&>「"Kim Dokja! Damage!"」
I saw the trajectory of the attack that would normally be invisible.
Sugagak!
Having narrowly escaped the storm of stories, I held onto my sword and slashed horizontally.
"Keep going! Don’t give him any time to rest."
Sparks flew from its shins and a roar erupted. It worked.
"He is a god from another world, but his attribute is undead! Change the 'Blade of Faith' to the divine attribute!"
I did as she said without hesitation.
When the magic power that had been transformed into divine attribute mixed with the magic power of the butcher and created a sword storm, the god of the other world took a step back for the first time.
I can fight.
The magical power of my entire body was running wild as if it would explode, and my muscles were screaming like crazy. The story of Han Sooyoung, whose bones were throbbing with reaction, was not at a level I could handle.
<!>[Your incarnation’s body is in critical condition!]
I grabbed the elixir in my pocket and swallowed it as much as I could to delay internal injuries.
We fought against each other.
Every time the swords clashed, my grip was torn and blood flowed. Every time a scar was left on his body, a long stab wound was left on my body as well.
It was the price of dealing with a god from another world in only the fourth scenario.
But I didn't think I couldn't win.
<#>【Oooooooo-】
New bone joints sprouted from the angry founder's waist, forming two arms. Each arm held a sword that radiated an insidious energy.
Han Sooyoung shouted.
"Arondite and Gallatin! Do you know what they are?"
I knew it. In particular, Arondite is a famous sword that appeared in Yoo Jonghyuk’s 1,863rd round.
These were all related to the story of King Arthur.
"Don’t stop and fight! Looking at its performance, it might be a replica!"
The heavily secreted adrenaline and Han Sooyoung's [Predictive Plagiarism] made me forget the pain.
I predicted this guy's attack.
Arondite's sword slashed and cut off his  left arm, and then he lifted Gallatin, who flew in with his waist, and I struck the guy's shin again.
Is it because of Han Sooyoung’s story? It all felt so natural.
The indignant guy started spewing out harsh stories explosively. A half-moon-shaped force covered the entire area.
I took Han Sooyoung's story to the limit and exploded it at the end of the sword.
<!>[The Fable 'Omniscient Reader' increases the appeal of the story.]
I cut off and cut off the guy's ever-growing arm.
<#>【Oh oh oh?】
That mighty god of another world was perplexed. Every time the sword flew through the air, Han Sooyoung’s stories ran wild in my head.
<!>[The story 'Predictive Plagiarism' speeds up its storytelling.]
An incredibly powerful and dynamic story. It's an incredible story that one individual built up.
I felt like I was a god.
The scenery seen by someone who completed a story was in front of me.
It was indescribably overwhelming, meaningless enough to be fleeting, and dizzying enough to make me vomit.
A future where sentences are written everywhere in the world.
A world where what happens next is determined by the trajectory of the sword I cut.
I was living in such a thorough web of stories.
I wanted to see Lee Daeum.
What is at the end of this road?
Ultimately, what will I face at the end of this story?
<&>「"The story was good."」
I was intoxicated by that story and swung my sword again and again.
<&>「"I just came here because I liked the story."」
It didn't matter anymore whether it was my sentence or Han Sooyoung's sentence. Even if I just transcribed her story.
It didn't matter.
If she helps this world line.
If we can fight together now, we might be able to put this terribly broken world back on track.
We may be able to reach the perfect ending to this world.
The moment I thought about it-
Tsutsutsu-
I quickly felt my strength drain away and quickly backed away from him.
Suddenly my stomach turned and I felt nauseous.
I spat out the story as if I was regurgitating what I had eaten. Something inside me was rejecting Han Sooyoung’s story.
Someone was saying that Han Sooyoung's story was not mine.
<&>「"Was there ever a time when Kim Dokja was happy to receive the heart he deserved?"」
Accompanied by dizziness, pitch-black darkness poured ceaselessly from my mouth.
<&>「"What are you talking about? You’re Kim Dokja too."」
<&>「"Have you ever felt reassured even for a moment by those words?"」
I shook the memories away.
<&>「"Like someone who intercepts and reads a letter sent by mistake, just a name like that."」
<&>「"Didn’t you enjoy a lot of things just because you had them?"」
I heard the sound of a wall shaking somewhere.
<&>「"I guess I filled it all out of fear because I didn’t want to share it with a real Christian."」
I held my head and shook my head.
Someone was talking.
There is no need to force a fight.
There's no need to face it.
It's been hard all this time.
I just receive warm comfort.
Living again under a different name in a new world.
"Hey! Wake up."
I saw the sword of Excalibur flying in front of me.
I cannot avoid it. There is nowhere to escape.
I'm in a place like this.
I fell to the floor with the feeling of something pushing me hard. A loud noise exploded in front of me.
A powerful storm of stories blew in.
The founder was seen being thrown away with a strong aftereffect.
When I took a deep breath and raised my head, Han Sooyoung was standing in front of me.
<&>「That was the price she paid to change this world.」
When did the scenery change?
What is the reason that the number of story fragments floating around has decreased?
<&>「"The story is told from the perspective of an omniscient reader."」
A huge hole opened in Han Sooyoung’s chest.
Through the hole, the white-burning sentences turned into ash and flowed down.
"Han Sooyoung!"
A gray snow field was created where the ash flowed.
Han Sooyoung stood above me and looked at me, wiping the blood from the corner of her mouth.
"Are you okay?"
Grabbing her left breast. She was laughing, blood pouring from her ears.
"From the “Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint  that I wrote, colleagues do not die so easily."
Her whole body was shaking.
<!>[The story 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' temporarily stops its storytelling.]
The heart that excitedly shouted that she would write my story disappeared somewhere, and an intense fear took hold of my head.
"I-"
I don't want to be left alone again.
Han Sooyoung, who had been coughing several times, fell forward.
As soon as I ran out to her, Han Sooyoung looked up at me and said,
"You know because you’re a writer too. Telling the story you want to say isn’t always a happy thing."
The color was draining from her face. I hurriedly covered her wounds, catching the pouring blood with my hands.
Han Sooyoung was looking up at the sky.
I must find an elixir. Whether it's a summoning corps, a demon corps, or anything.
<&>「Han Sooyoung let go of her old home at that moment.」
It was only after I saw the sentences flowing out of her that it dawned on me that this was not just a trauma.
<&>「The last sentence she will write is one she has never written before.」
The original story has been damaged.
"Wait, wait!"
I shouted as if denying that fact.
"This is an avatar, right?"
There is no way that 'Han Sooyoung', no one else, could die like this.
She is the smartest person in 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'.
Isn’t she a writer who finds a way out in the face of any adversity?
But Han Sooyoung seemed not to be able to hear my voice, so she just looked up at the pitch-black sky.
As if there was something she was looking for there.
I followed her gaze and lifted my head. Someone was still fighting beyond the Void Veil.
The trajectory of a pouring meteor shower and the screaming gods of another world.
There were questions that came to mind only later.
How could Yoo Jonghyuk arrive beyond that curtain so timely?
Was it?
Where on earth did the probability to summon him come from?
Tsutsu-
The aftermath flowing through Han Sooyoung's body were breaking her, her body was disappearing. Her legs and torso were falling apart in the aftermath.
Han Sooyoung knew it from the beginning.
What she must do to change her established history.
<&>「The margins of this world are limited.」
What do you have to sacrifice to push the button to fool the world line?
<&>「Some sentences can only be written after erasing other sentences.」
Every time I hear a line story, Han Sooyoung also disappeared just like that one line. The sentences she wrote were falling apart in the air. The characters, events, and themes were scattered.
I shook Han Sooyoung’s shoulder.
Han Sooyoung's eyes, which were losing their light, turned towards me. Those eyes seemed to be looking at me, or they seemed to be looking into distant eternity.
It's like staring into a distant, beautiful snowy field where no sentences have been written yet.
I prayed.
She asked me.
"Why did you want to become a writer?"
I pursed my lips foolishly.
I thought I should give some kind of answer.
I wanted to find something to say to catch Han Sooyoung.
But no words came to mind. Even though I wrote so many sentences, not a single word came to mind.
Han Sooyoung’s hand brushed my cheek.
"I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you the story you wanted."
That was the last time.
I opened my mouth.
"I, I-"
<&>「Han Sooyoung disappeared.」
It would be an avatar. The avatar disappeared.
There is no way Han Sooyoung could die.
Han Soo-young-
<!>[The story 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' ends its storytelling.]
And one by one, the stories that were being told in my ears stopped talking. The endless chatter and unstoppable conversation came to an end.
<!>[The story 'Predictive Plagiarism' concludes its storytelling.]
After the whole story was over, I was left alone again.
Han Sooyoung's 'Unbreakable Faith' was seen as it fell to the floor.
<&>「Why did you want to become a writer?」
Only after every sentence was erased, after I lost every story I loved, did I finally find the answer.
"I want to know who I am."
I heard the walls inside me collapsing.
