<title>680 Episode 22 Name (2)
Hello everyone.
This is Lee Hakhyun.
In the meantime, things have escalated.
You've probably all forgotten my name. Of course. It's not a very cool name.
If you're the main character, I guess you would be named Yoo Jonghyuk.
Shouldn’t it be a name like that? Suddenly, it’s Lee Hakhyun. 
In other words, it feels like a person from the real world has suddenly possessed someone in a web novel.
But as you all know, I am truly possessing a character in a web novel.
I wasn't even just possessing someone, it was a shabby villain—
—Cheon Inho.
You're right. That name.
Cheon Inho.
This is the name of the villain I possessed.
—I haven’t woken up for quite some time.
—They said it was a miracle that I was alive.
I don't know who you are, but you are telling me what I want to say.
That's my life after possessing Cheon Inho.
Being alive is a miracle.
Even at Geumho Station.
Even in Chungmuro.
Even in the theater dungeon.
Even at Seoul Station and Gwanghwamun.
I really almost died.
I don't know what's going on these days, perhaps because I've been at risk of dying so many times that I've lost my mind.
In particular, I don't know who I am.
It sounds like something a second year middle schooler would worry about, but I'm serious.
Is it because I used [Incite] too much? Or is it because I didn't think enough about my own identity in my second year of middle school?
Either that or—
<#>【How long are you going to talk like that?】
Oh, that's right.
You can't take such a half-hearted attitude anymore.
Please forget all the self-introductions I’ve made so far.
We'll do it right again.
Hello everyone.
My name is Kim Dokja.
It's really awkward to say this, but I'm serious.
I am the reincarnation of 49% Kim Dokja.
By the way, everyone.
I'm a little scared.
Everyone, think about it too.
One day, I suddenly possessed a character in a novel, and it became 'the reincarnation of the main character in my novel turns out to be me'.
Does such a light novel-like development make sense?
If Ji Eunyu, the editor in charge, heard about it, she would make fun of it forever.
Ji Eunyu would definitely say this.
"Wow, author! Readers made fun of Kim Dokja, saying he was the author’s own character, but it wasn’t his character, it was him. Wow, wow."
Ji Eunyu.
I feel really unfair.
First, let me make one thing clear: I didn't actually write that novel.
The writer who wrote that story is Han Sooyoung...
Han Sooyoung?
…
I jumped up from my seat with a hysterical scream.
My heart was pounding like crazy and my breath was pouring out all the way to my chin.
Someone's shadow glimmered through my hazy vision.
"Inho-ssi?"
Sensation slowly returned from my fingertips. The feel of the soft bed and blanket. A hospital-specific disinfectant smell.
My mind was confused.
What happened?
What about Han Sooyoung?
What about the Outer God?
What about Yoo Junghyuk?
Did we succeed?
When I opened my eyes with difficulty and looked ahead, I saw the shape of a familiar person.
Kind eyes shining beneath the devoted eyebrows.
"Inho-ssi!"
Lee Dansu who no longer called me a friend hugged me tightly.
Why? The moment I was hugged helplessly by Lee Dansu, without realizing it, my body lost strength and tears poured out.
"Thank goodness. I’m so glad."
There were so many tears that it was surprising that even a villain had so many tears stored up.
As I listened to the man repeatedly saying that it was fortunate, I thought again that this was a fortunate thing.
"Ahjussi."
That's how I survived again.
This time, I sacrificed someone on my behalf.
***
There were people who were the first to run when they heard my news.
These were people I knew well.
It feels like it's been a while, so I'd like to briefly introduce them.
"Aaaah! Inho-ssi!"
The name of the girl running towards me over there is Kyung Sein.
Although she appears to be a woman on the outside, she is actually a reader with the soul of a man.
"You’re awake, Kim Dokja."
The man in the black coat standing proudly in the doorway of the hospital room is the second apostle, 'Killer King'.
Even though he looks like that on the outside, he is a crazy person who has read 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' over a hundred times.
He has a habit of constantly calling me 'Kim Dokja', but I don’t know if he does it knowingly or not.
For reference, he has a younger sister who uses the ID 'Literature Girl 64'. Yerin is a very normal person, unlike her older brother, Killer King.
"Inho-ssi, how do you feel right now? Do you see these fingers and a dog? Can you tell me your name? How old are you? What is your real name in real life?"
The name of the boy who took advantage of my confused state of mind to get information from me is 'Ye Hyunwoo'.
This boy, who looks just like today's gifted child from a gifted education program, is the commander of the Chungmuro Group and the brain that leads the readers.
"Yes. I’m fine."
"You still have a bit of a fever, so I think it would be better to rest more."
Lastly, the name of this handsome man who took my temperature is 'Lee Dansu'.
He is the first reader I have ever met, and he is a man living in this world trying to get his daughter back.
The rest of the party... hasn't arrived yet.
I tried to name them one by one in my head.
Jung Heewon, Cha Yerin, Ji Eunyu, Koo Seonah...
"Inho-ssi."
Amidst a light silence. It was Lee Dansu who opened his mouth again.
Why? The eyes of people looking at me were different.
It seemed like he was trying to figure out what to ask, or he seemed to be having trouble deciding what to say.
I smiled lightly and opened my mouth first.
"Can I ask what happened so far?"
***
"I was unconscious for 45 days?"
While listening to Kyung Sein's fussing voice, I could think in my head how long 45 days.
No, wait a minute.
So what scenario is this now?
"The seventh scenario is currently underway on the Korean Peninsula."
I couldn't believe my ears.
"Not the fifth?"
"Hey, when did the fifth scenario end?"
The last scenario I remember was the fourth scenario, 'the King’s Qualifications'.
"Wait a minute."
I rested my head for a moment and thought about the development of 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint'.
The fifth scenario in the original Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint was 'Disaster of Floods'.
'Disaster of Floods' is a scenario that ends only after defeating as many as four disasters, even excluding the main Disaster of Floods.
Even if I killed one at the National Palace Museum, have they already killed the remaining four? 
"The fifth scenario was solved by Yoo Jung-hyuk himself. And the main character was the main character."
"How did he clear it? Could it be that he killed Shin Yoosoung—?"
"Have you forgotten that this is the 41st round?"
A vivid feeling rose up.
Right.
This is the 41st round of 'Ways of Survival'.
That was also the world line before 'Shin Yoosoung' returned to the second round to become the 'Disaster of Floods'.
In other words, there is no 'Disaster of Floods' yet in this round.
But the disaster was not only the Disaster of Floods.
"The Disaster of questions was quite formidable. However, I easily defeated it with the help of this body."
"The 2nd Apostle was not active, and Yoo Jonghyuk killed him."
I roughly understand the situation.
I don't know what kind of disaster occurred, but in any case, it seems that Yoo Jonghyuk in the 41st round suppressed it with terrifying force.
"Speaking of the fifth... What happened to the sixth scenario? That must have been tricky too."
The sixth scenario is 'Peace Land' with Japanese incarnations.
In some ways, it was a scenario that could be more difficult than the 'Disaster of Floods'.
"Yoo Jonghyuk went and finished it himself."
“Yoo Jung-hyuk?”
I asked in a doubtful voice.
Not like any other scenario, 'Peace Land' is a scenario where Disasters and Inhabitants take sides and fight.
"Could it be that Yoo Jonghyuk became a disaster?"
I asked, assuming the worst outcome first.
If in the 41st round, 'Yoo Jonghyuk' had chosen the side of disasters, 'Peace Land' would have been—
"Don’t worry. Yoo Jonghyuk took the inhabitants’ side."
Yoo Jonghyuk? really?
"We arrived faster than expected and the damage was greatly reduced. We cooperated well with the Japanese incarnations. Asuka Ren and Izumi are both safe! Isn’t that surprising?"
Asuka Ren and Izumi, the king of Japan, are safe..
If you just listen to the story, the situation wasn't that bad.
"What about Kyrgios?"
"I didn’t meet Kyrgios. I guess the events in this round were divided."
After all, if one thing goes well, the other thing goes wrong.
My original plan was to meet Kyrgios Roadgrim in Peace Land and train to become a Transcendant.
But I was passed out, and Kyrgios didn't even visit 'Peace Land'.
"The seventh scenario is still in progress. Actually, Yerin and Heewon are in the scenario area because of that. Oh, and Jiwon too…"
Is it because the words I heard earlier were so shocking? It was difficult to concentrate and listen to what was being said.
During the 45 days I slept, the world of the 41st round was thrown out of the orbit of the 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' I knew.
But if you ask me if it was bad, it wasn't all that bad.
'Disaster Scenario' and 'Peace Land' are scenarios that are difficult to clear smoothly even if I participated in person.
However, Yoo Jonghyuk cleared both scenarios perfectly on his own without any help.
Is this a development that also occurred in the original 41st round?
Or, is this a phenomenon that occurred because Han Sooyoung and I killed the founder of the Absolute Throne?
Kyung Sein added, perhaps because my expression seemed serious.
"Anyway, don’t worry. The 41st round wasn’t as bad as I thought. As expected, the 'Absolute Throne’s' effect is good."
"Absolute throne?"
Kyung Sein nodded at me as I asked in a stupid voice.
"Yes. Absolute throne."
"Do you still have it?"
"Huh? Well… It didn’t break in this round."
That couldn't have been possible.
Clearly, the 'founder of the absolute throne' is dead.
I saw it clearly with my own eyes.
"Who is the king? Is he among you?"
At my question, my companions turned to each other.
Kyung Sein smiled bitterly, and Lee Dansu shook his head.
Killer King looked proud, and Ye Hyunwoo burst into laughter.
"That can’t be possible, Inho-ssi. How can we become kings? The real king is alive and well."
I slowly got up from the bed. Perhaps because I had not moved my muscles for the first time in a while, my legs were shaking precariously.
I stood up unsteadily and saw the window of the hospital room beyond eye level.
It was.
<&>「The tragedy of the 41st round begins with the 'absolute throne'.」
The scenery of Gwanghwamun unfolded outside the window.
An absolute throne occupying the center of the square. Who on earth could have occupied that throne in that chaos?
No matter how much I thought about it, there was only one person who had that possibility.
"Is it Yoo Jonghyuk?"
"Yes. He has taken the 'absolute throne'."
With Ye Hyunwoo’s low answer, I felt like something was falling apart.
What and where did it go wrong?
Did Han Sooyoung and I ultimately fail to change the development of this world?
"Fortunately."
Ye Hyunwoo said, squeezing my shoulder as if to reassure me.
"It’s a little different from the 41st round we expected. Although Yoo Jonghyuk won the 'Absolute Throne', he was unable to exercise the power of the ‘Absolute Throne."
Was the throne unable to exercise its power?
I suddenly turned my head and my eyes met Ye Hyunwoo’s.
The moment I saw his calm eyes, I felt like I knew why he came here.
"So… that’s what we’re curious about. Inho-ssi, what on earth happened that day?"
Kyung Sein, Killer King, and Dansu ahjussi. Everyone was looking at me as if they had agreed to do so.
"On the day the 'Great Hall' opened, it was Yoo Jonghyuk who brought Inho-ssi back. But even when I asked Yoo Jonghyuk what happened, I couldn’t get an answer."
It was natural.
Because he doesn't really know what happened that day.
"That day, Inho-ssi was wearing the 'Death Sword'. Did Inho-ssi cut down the link of 'Absolute Throne'?"
"I-"
I tried to speak.
It wasn't me who did it.
There was one more person there that you and I both knew.
"It’s not me, it’s Han Soo—"
<!>[You can no longer use the ‘Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World'.]
The moment I heard the message, my tongue stiffened before I knew it.
『Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World.』
A skill that protected me after entering this world, and a novel that underpins the foundation of this world.
Kim Dokja’s favorite story.
<!>[You can no longer use 'Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World'.]
There was someone who gave me this skill.
Someone who felt guilty about me.
The person who gave up all of her stories to save me.
I tried activating the skill again and again.
<!>[You can no longer use 'Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World'.]
The skill did not activate.
<!>[You can no longer use 'Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World'.]
The story that once protected Kim Dokja has now left me.
Probably with the writer who was trying to give me the story.
"Inho-ssi?"
Lee Dansu, who realized that my condition was strange, grabbed my shoulder and said,
"Everyone, Inho-ssi doesn’t seem to be in good condition, so it would be better to ask later—"
"No, you have to ask right now. We’ve already waited a long time. 'That phenomenon' has been happening for 45 days."
The conversation between Ye Hyunwoo and Killer King could be heard through the buzzing of my ears.
"Dansu ahjussi, you know what the situation is right now. The only clue to the recent events is Inho-ssi."
"It’s an oddity that even I, who’ve read Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint 100 times, can’t figure out. The only person I can trust is that guy."
I don't know what's going on. But there was no answer I could give.
"I…"
The story I know is just the story you all know.
I am not as great a person as everyone thinks.
This is because although I am clearly the reincarnation of Kim Dokja, I am not the real Kim Dokja who read 'Ways of Survival'.
The real Kim Dokja.
Memories slowly returned with a slight headache.
Memories of the very day I killed the 'God of Another World'.
The reason I live here now.
<&>「"I will make a contract."」
It slowly dawned on me.
In order to kill the 'God of the Other World', I made a sponsorship contract with that Constellation.
However, I could hardly feel his presence.
Even when I looked up into space or clenched and opened my fists, I didn't feel like anything had changed.
Tsutsutsutsu.
It was then that the smartphone on the table vibrated.
A message appeared on the smartphone screen.
<!>[Someone requested a 'midday secret meeting'.]
At that moment, I realized something.
This was not the smartphone I had.
But I already knew who this smartphone belonged to.
<!>[Applicant: Demon King of Salvation]
Perhaps this was a relic of my inner city.
