<title>681 Episode 22 Name (3)
As I was looking at the conversation request message that appeared before my eyes, I felt something strange.
Clearly, I have entered the world of 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint'.
I went through scenarios and met other characters from <Kim Dokja’s Company>.
<!>[Applicant: Demon King of Salvation]
Nevertheless, the moment I saw that message, I felt like everything was losing its sense of reality.
I don't know why.
Actually, I guess I didn't believe that the real Kim Dokja existed in this world.
Maybe that's why I was so strangely shaken by the fact that Kim Dokja really exists.
Why on earth am I agitated?
With such complicated thoughts, I hesitantly touched it.
However.
<!>[The sender has not paid the coins required for 'Midday Tryst'.]
I didn't understand what it meant, so I read the message over and over again. At first, I thought no way, but after a while I thought, damn it, and finally, I let out a hollow laugh.
Little by little, I felt a sense of reality coming back to life.
It's definitely true.
<!>[A toll-free fee will be charged for 'Midday Tryst'.]
This kid is definitely Kim Dokja.
My hunch says so.
I sighed lightly and pressed the 'Confirm' button. Okay.
<!>[The recipient has paid the fee.]
<!>['Midday Tryst' has been linked.]
But nothing really changed.
Since he requested a conversation first, I thought he would say hello, but Kim Dokja was silent the whole time.
"Inho-ssi?"
People who felt something strange were looking at me.
I suddenly woke up and started fiddling with my smartphone like a crazy person, so it was natural.
I hesitated for a moment and then said this.
"Actually, I just got a text from Kim Dokja."
The four people stared at me at the same time. Their eyes were filled with different thoughts.
Eyes that wonder if I'm crazy (Ye Hyunwoo), eyes that are worried I may have hit my head (Kyung Sein), eyes that think it's a joke for young people these days (Lee Dansu), eyes that ask isn’t Kim Dokja me (Killer King)…
If it were 45 days ago, everyone would have been interested in what I said and would have asked questions.
Is it real? Did you really get in touch with Kim Dokja? Can we all live together now?
But they didn't.
It was proof that they had completely adapted to this world.
<&>「In this world, there is no 'Demon King of Salvation' to save us.」
In order to survive in this world, readers have decided to forget the name of the greatest hope they know.
And it happened by itself.
That fact was somehow sad, so I had no choice but to make a joke out of the hope I had raised.
"I’m just kidding. What did you say you were curious about?"
Ye Hyunwoo, whose expression softened slightly at my words, began talking again.
To summarize, the four people's questions were simple.
"How did the fourth scenario end that day?"
After gathering my thoughts for a moment, I started talking.
First, when Han Sooyoung appeared.
"I guess that was Han Sooyoung?"
Kidnapped by Representative Kim Dokja along with the unconscious Yoo Jonghyuk.
"Was that Asmodeus?"
"Damn, that snarky tone was strange."
"I already knew."
And how I became convinced that 'Representative Kim Dokja' was Asmodeus; escaped from this guy's space using the 'Death Sword'; being thrown into the breakaway area; fighting with Han Sooyoung against the 'God of the Other World', 'the founder of the Absolute Throne'…
"An Outer God?"
"Was it really an Outer God who created the 'Absolute Throne'?"
"If Kim Dokja says it’s like that, then so be it."
Lastly, I even used stories to kill that guy.
Except for a few incidents that I can't tell them about yet, I briefly told my companions what happened that day.
"You killed the Outer God? So you also got the story?"
"Maybe."
While saying that, I opened the previous message log.
There was quite a backlog of logs that I had not been able to check for 45 days. Among them, there was also something about 'stories'.
<!>[A temporary error has occurred in the <Star Stream>’s system.]
<!>[The name of the new story has not been decided yet.]
<!>[The management bureau is closely reviewing your story achievements.]
I still couldn't confirm the name or grade of my newly acquired story.
Is it because I fainted?
Or is it because I have achieved such unbelievable achievements?
If you think about it, I defeated the 'God of Another World', who had a wonderful name, in the early scenarios.
Since I achieved an unusual feat in only the fourth scenario, the Management Bureau and the <Star Stream> may also be embarrassed.
I don't know, but if it's about eradicating a 'god from another world', it would be at least a 'semi-mythical level' story.
As soon as I receive the story, something will go wrong in the early scenarios ecosystem, so the management bureau may have noticed this and is intentionally putting the brakes on it.
Anyway, I have no choice but to give it up in the end.
"You have accomplished a great feat, Kim Dokja. Now you will become a little more like Kim Dokja."
"Wow… with that level of achievement, what kind of story would they give?"
Following the admiring Killer King and Kyung Sein, Dansu ahjussi also nodded as if he understood now.
"Then I guess that’s why the power of the 'Absolute Throne' doesn’t activate."
"I guess so."
After thinking about it for a while, I decided to postpone the story that there were readers in the theater's audience, and that among them was the man's daughter, Jiyoon.
The last question was asked by Ye Hyunwoo.
"What happened to Han Sooyoung."
"I don’t know. She disappeared after that."
I didn’t want to say that Han Sooyoung was dead. Because although she was definitely seen disappearing, it was entirely possible that it was an avatar.
The Han Sooyoung I know would have definitely prepared a way out somewhere.
"Hmm… First of all, I understood everything you told me."
After hearing my answer, Hyunwoo glanced at Killer King, and he disappeared out of the hospital room, saying he would talk for a while.
What happened in the meantime to make their faces look so serious?
I also had a lot of questions to ask.
What is the 'phenomenon' that occurred 45 days ago?
Is the seventh scenario the same as the 'seventh' I know?
What is Yoo Jonghyuk doing now?
What happened to 'Shin Yoosoung' who was with me?
Clearly, that 'Shin Yoosoung' was not the Shin Yoosoung of this 41st world line.
Perhaps, like me and other readers, she is a being possessed from another world line that we know.
And that world line was most likely the 1,864th round when Kim Dokja was alive.
If I can meet Shin Yoosoung again, I might be able to find out Han Sooyoung's whereabouts.
"Ugh."
Maybe it was because I suddenly moved my body, but belated pain came to all of my joints.
I asked for understanding with a bitter smile towards Kyung Sein and Dansu ahjussi, who were surprised and helped me.
"I’d like to take a look outside first."
***
After Yoo Jonghyuk gained the Absolute Throne, Seoul was completely pacified.
Of course, there were still those who did not sympathize with Yoo Jonghyuk, but at least the groups that had been torn apart and fighting against each other became one under the rule of the King.
"Where was this raid area?"
"Yeongdeungpo."
"I heard there were quite a few items?"
After listening to the stories of passing incarnations, the theme of the '7th Scenario' seemed to be 'Raid'.
This is a scenario where there are monsters designated as targets in each area, and the incarnations designated as raiders gather together with their allies to hunt the monsters.
The original seventh scenario was also 'monster hunting', so there was no major change in content.
I wondered if there was a monster designated as a target for me, too.
<!>[There is currently no main scenario assigned to you.]
<!>[The main scenario is being reassigned to you.]
Perhaps because I had been knocked out for so long, there were no separate scenarios assigned.
"So that meteorite—"
"Is it true? You found a meteorite there?"
I heard that the fifth scenario is finished, but there is still a story about meteorites now?
I don't know what is what.
I'll have to ask other people a little later.
"I’m going first this time, ahjussi."
"Come!"
In the square in front, Kyung Sein and Dansu ahjussi were sparring. I wondered why these people were suddenly sparring...
<!>[Incarnation 'Kyung Sein' uses 'Tekken Lv.8'!]
When I saw it, I couldn't close my mouth.
Kyung Sein, who jumped up in the air, rained down heavy strikes, causing a cloud of dust to form on the rubbled floor.
Kyung Sein was not the only one who became stronger.
<!>[Incarnation 'Lee Dansu' activates 'Cryptic Flower Lv.6'!]
Both of Dansu ahjussi's legs were covered with chitin like those of a grasshopper, and with his agile movements, he avoided all of Kyung Sein’s iron fists.
"Wow. Are you used to it now? That’s the evolution you got this time, right?"
"I got it from a grade 6 servant last time."
The gap of 45 days was large.
45 days ago, I was clearly at the forefront of the incarnations, but watching the battle between the two, I felt like I had no chance of winning if I clashed with my bare body.
How long have they been training?
No, who treated those two like that?
"Isn’t it amazing?"
When I turned around in surprise, there was an unexpected person standing there.
"Those two people had a really hard time working under Yoo Jonghyuk."
A unique, soft and calm voice. The woman's white hair was blowing in the wind.
"They’ve been training every single day since the day you were hospitalized."
I suddenly got up from my seat and bowed to Lee Seolhwa.
Lee Seolhwa smiled and held out her hand, as if she already knew me.
I smiled lightly and took her hand.
"You are Cheon Inho, right? I heard the story from people."
"Yes, that’s right."
"People say that if it weren’t for you, I would have been dead already."
Lee Seolhwa slowly looked around Gwanghwamun while speaking.
When I looked closely, I saw some familiar faces.
Dayoung and her mother from Geumho Station.
Sergeant Kim Heonyeol and Jung Heewon's younger brother Jung Eunho, who fought together with me against the Beggar Sect.
There was also Kim Namwoon, an 'insighter' whom I met on the way to Gwanghwamun.
"I wish I could hear those words from someone someday."
It seems that Lee Seolhwa in this round did not become an enemy.
Lee Seolhwa's voice as she expressed her honest impressions was clear.
I said, "I heard that you took care of me. I am late to greet you. If it weren't for Lee Seolhwa, I would probably have died."
"Do you know my name?"
"Of course."
"I made a bet with Jihye on whether Inho-ssi knows my name."
Lee Jihye from the 41st round was seen waving her hand in this direction from afar.
I said as I too shook her hand.
"There’s no way I wouldn’t know. You’re my benefactor. I’ve heard a lot of rumors about you."
"Rumors? I haven’t done much external activities."
I was sorry to say it.
Since Lee Seolhwa did not become evil in the 41st round, her name may not be known yet.
After thinking about it briefly, I said this.
"I’m a fan of Donguibogam."
"Do you know my sponsor?"
"How can you not know the best doctor on the peninsula?"
<!>[The constellation 'Donguibogam' greatly appreciates you and sponsors 100 coins.]
Once again, this is the feeling of having read 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' fully.
Lee Seolhwa, who was looking at the message in the air, said with a bitter smile.
"I think I understand why people like Inho-ssi."
"I will take it as a compliment."
"May I ask what Inho-ssi’s sponsor is?"
"My sponsor is-"
Originally, I had no intention of revealing my sponsor here, but I felt like I wanted to test it out.
I have expectations that the 'Lee Seolhwa' before my eyes might be a special Lee Seolhwa, like the Shin Yoosoung I met.
"It is the 'Demon King of Salvation'."
At that moment, Lee Seolhwa’s expression changed strangely.
Although it was a little bit, I couldn't help but feel nervous.
In only the 41st round, and at such an early stage, Lee Seolhwa chose the path of good rather than evil.
If she responds to this modifier—
"The Demon King of Salvation? Hmm, this is the first time I’ve heard of this constellation…"
Looking at her expression, it didn't seem like she was lying.
"This modifier… feels a bit similar to the constellation that Namwoon signed with…"
She even seemed to think that I had signed a contract with a strange constellation.
For me, it was a little unfair.
I admit that the modifier is a bit formal.
Still, he's the main character... he's a constellation... but he's mythical grade.
"The Demon King of Salvation... The Demon King of Salvation... Hmm... I think something comes to mind..."
What?
"Salvation... Salvation... Church of Salvation. Ah, now that I think about it, among the medicinal herbs I obtained from the Church of Salvation this time..."
Lee Seolhwa, who was mumbling something to herself, passed by me and walked briskly toward the hospital.
I didn't know it when I was writing the novel, but when I saw her in real life, she was a character with a slightly four-dimensional side.
Lee Seolhwa, who looked like a mad doctor, suddenly turned her back to me after walking away.
"By the way, since you’re still a patient, you know you shouldn’t move too much, right?"
"Ah yes."
"Even though everything looks better on the outside, it’s really damaged on the inside. If you don’t treat it properly, you’ll get seriously ill later."
The friendly Mad Doctor left those words and walked away.
I looked back at the people training.
People sweating profusely and devoting themselves to training.
What Lee Seolhwa said was right.
Even those who look fine on the outside are probably festering on the inside.
How many times have they lost their beloved family and precious friends?
<&>「"All misfortunes are ordinary. They seem special because they are captured in stories."」
When I thought about it that way, the way people wielded swords and spears looked a little different.
A scene that probably could not have been captured in 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint'.
Like the people in front of me right now, the characters in 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' must have been desperately grieving in an unseen place.
What was Kim Dokja like?
Perhaps Kim Dokja, whom I read and wrote about, had many times that I was unaware of.
Hum.
It was then that the smartphone rang in my arms.
Has the time finally come?
I cleared my throat slightly and opened my mouth.
"Can you hear me?"
And finally the long-awaited moment came.
<!>[Constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' has accessed 'Midday Tryst'.]
As I read that message, I thought back to the past two years of writing and reading Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint over and over again.
Is the person floating in the sky right now the Kim Dokja I know?
I don't know. But,
—Hello.
That was my first encounter with the 'Demon King of Salvation'.
"Hello."
It was our first greeting.
