<title>683 Episode 22 Name (5)
<?>Please refrain from changing chapters’ format i.e. font, letter size, color, background, etc… If you really need to, please open a separate copy.At first, I wanted to argue.
After falling into this world out of nowhere, I lived quite diligently.
In order to survive, I risked my life and nearly died.
Even though I couldn't live like Kim Dokja, I thought I still had something to say.
—Do you know what circulatory delay is?
I thought about it.
—Why can’t [Incite] be used like that?
It was like that until Kim Dokja, the Demon King of Salvation, started like rapid-fire.
—There is a good item like 'Thoughts', so why can’t you use it so much? What do you do when you rest? Didn’t you register the mimicry shapes of other items?
—Do you know how to use other stories besides [Persistent Murim Master]?
—And that's not all the skills you've gained. Why don't you use them? Can’t you practice skill linking?
—Why didn’t you learn any other combat skills besides [White Blue Steel]? Does it make sense that there is no [Weapon Polishing] right now?
I feel like I'm losing my mind.
Who said he was a living snout?
—I feel angry while talking. I know why I wasn't looking at you.
"No, don’t be so angry."
—Why are you calling me now? You want me to restore the mess you made?
Every word is painful. Perhaps because what he said was true.
What was I thinking when Yoo Jonghyuk fainted in the 41st round and even Han Sooyoung, whom I trusted, disappeared?
"I was shameless."
A sponsorship contract was the last option I could make.
In the spirit of grasping at the last straw to save this world, I called one person's name again and again and again.
I can offer anything in return, so please save this world.
I said.
"Help me. You can do it."
He is Kim Dokja.
The main character of this story.
"I don’t want to ruin this world anymore."
Even if I can't, he can. He could probably rewrite the story I ruined.
"I want to save people."
There were still many people left in Gwanghwamun.
People from this world that I was lucky enough to save, including readers like Dansu ahjussi and Kyung Sein.
Bang Cheolsoo and the mother and daughter at Geumho Station.
Sergeant Kim Hyunyeol and Jung Eunho at Seoul Station.
Jung Heewon and other colleagues who are probably executing a scenario somewhere.
And.
"Everything, including the dead people."
Even the readers I couldn’t save.
"You can do it."
It would be possible for Kim Dokja, an observer of this world.
As he proved in his previous life, he may be able to change the sentences already written on the 'Final Wall'.
—Why don’t you just ask for a regression?
—Of course I won’t let you do it. I can't let you do it.
"I don’t even want it. What I want to protect is this world."
This '41st round' only happens once.
If I return, I will be the only one who disappears from this world.
A new 42nd round will just be born.
"I hope this world doesn’t end."
—It's a destroyed world.
I know. But.
"It’s not written down."
—What?
"Nowhere in the novels you and I have read does it mention the destruction of this world line."
Of course, that doesn't mean it isn't written down at all.
Only once, in the 41st round, is the story told. By Shin Yoosoung herself from the 41st round.
"Shin Sooyoung’s statement is only a 'statement'. What really happened in the '41st round' is not recorded anywhere in the 'Ways of Survival'. Isn't that right?"
—You… That's an interesting story.
"Now you seem to be having fun."
It is interesting. It's a painful expression, but it's nice to have that feeling now. It doesn't matter if this world is someone's interest or entertainment. I was prepared to do anything if it could save this world.
—But in order to carry out what you think, you will end up having to do something in this world. You have to reach the end. You know what that means, right?
The end of the world. A place where there is the 'Last Wall' where everything in the universe is written.
To get there I have to clear all the main scenarios.
"I do."
—Can you do it?
I shook my head.
What can a person who faints for 45 days after only passing four scenarios do? But.
"I can’t do it alone."
My sponsor is the 'Demon King of Salvation'.
The master of the [Fourth Wall] and the greatest deity in the universe.
"Please join me at the end of the scenarios one more time."
I trusted Kim Dokja.
If it is Kim Dokja, who loves stories more than anyone else in the world, I once believed that I could wonder about the end of this world.
So I gave up becoming a Constellation and signed a contract with him.
—That’s easier said than done, man. It gives people trouble.
"Is it because of probability?"
Clearly, probability was an important issue. No matter how strong Kim Dokja is, the <Star Stream>'s probability system is something that cannot be ignored.
—No, I have to read Ways of Survival.
"What the hell are you…"
I was so dumbfounded for a moment that I tried to say something but held back.
Why on earth does he keep reading about these damn Ways of Survival? Is it because of the attributes of the 'Demon King of Salvation'?
I don't know.
However, seeing as he is so obsessed with reading, there may be an inevitable reason for him.
I took note of that.
"If we are to be honest, this world is also part of 'Ways of Survival'."
—Not really.
"Are you just going to watch the world of Ways of Survival become ruined? You already signed a contract with me."
—Hmm.
"Please help me. I will do anything as long as you help me."
I said all I could out of anger, but after saying it, I felt a little embarrassed.
The opponent is the 'Demon King of Salvation'.
He is a being who has already seen the end of the world, and is a great person whose name was included in the 'mythical grade constellations'.
There was no way I could convince such a being that I would do anything.
Should we instead use other incentives related to the 'Ways of Survival'?
I thought.
—You will do anything?
Kim Dokja showed an unexpected reaction.
I asked with urgency.
"Are you going to help me?"
Kim Dokja was silent for a moment, as if he was worried about something.
Also, did he go to read Ways of Survival?
"Hey, Inho-ssi."
It was then that someone called me.
When I looked back, I saw someone who looked a head taller than me. It was a face I knew well.
"Oh, hello."
"Yes. Are you feeling okay?"
Lee Hyunsung, wiping the sweat from his forehead, was smiling his signature gentle smile.
By the way, it seems like his body had grown again in 45 days. How could a person, not even in his growing phase, do this?
"Yes, thank you."
Did he come because he was worried about me?
I don't know. Lee Hyunsung may have a friendly personality, but does he care enough about me as a member of the group?
It was then that my sponsor, who had disappeared for a while, returned.
—Uh? This is Lee Hyunsung.
Although he didn't say anything specific, I could tell what he was thinking just from the tone of his voice.
—Hmm, look at this.
Kim Dokja was currently analyzing Lee Hyunsung.
—In the seventh scenario, how much must Lee Hyunsung have to do to get to that point... Does Yoo Jonghyuk here also have a story about the [Crazy Soldier Yoo Jonghyuk]?
I left the 'Demon King of Salvation' alone and asked Lee Hyunsung.
"Hey, what’s going on?"
Then Lee Hyunsung, who hesitated, slowly nodded his head.
"The captain is looking for you."
Yoo Jonghyuk? Me?
Lee Hyunsung must have read my expression and quickly opened his mouth.
It's probably not a big deal and he’ll tell me to take it easy.
"I… But I think it would be a good idea to be a little more careful."
Huh?
"The captain seemed very angry."
"Angry? At me?"
"I don’t know about that, but if things continue like this, he’ll definitely kill you… You’ve been saying strange things to yourself."
Suddenly, my mind went blank.
In hindsight, I thought carefully about what I had been doing 45 days ago.
However, it didn't seem like I had done anything major wrong to Yoo Jonghyuk.
Although I had confrontations with Yoo Jonghyuk several times during the scenario...
Although I prevented Yoo Jonghyuk from taking the 'absolute throne'…
There was also a time when I used a fainted Yoo Jonghyuk as a shield to block an attack from Asmodeus...
"Can I not go?"
Then Lee Hyunsung laughed bitterly.
"He said 'Be sure to bring him'..."
Fuck.
—Good.
A voice calmly says that it is not his business.
I frowned at the sky and muttered with my mouth.
'What's so good about it?'
—The main character is calling you personally.
'They say if I come, he'll kill me.'
—At least until you die, you still have some usefulness left in this world.
Is this what Kim Dokja meant when he said that I would soon fall apart?
If I could read 'Ways of Survival' like Kim Dokja, I would be able to get at least a hint on how to survive in a situation like this.
<!>[You can no longer use 'Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World'.]
But I no longer have 'Ways of Survival'.
—Why is Ways of Survival necessary?
"Ah."
For a moment, I forgot who I signed with.
Yes.
Now that I think about it, I no longer need Ways of Survival.
—Now, let’s go take a look at the back of Joonghyuk’s head in the 41st round.
Because right now, my constellation knew Yoo Jonghyuk better than anyone else in this world.
***
Inside Gwanghwamun. Yoo Jonghyuk was sitting cross-legged, shirtless, in a temporary shelter created by remodeling the inside of Gyeongbokgung Palace.
On Yoo Jonghyuk's back, where his sculpted muscles were exposed, several engravings reminiscent of tattoos were engraved.
<&>「Redemption of truth」
<&>「Restraint of Emotions」
<&>「Redemption of Life」
These were the imprints of the story that were sequentially engraved on his body as he entered this round.
The more his body accumulates, the more powerful he becomes.
Carving three stories into a body that had not yet passed the tenth scenario was tantamount to suicide, but he did not hesitate.
Shoooooo.
After a while, pure white steam rose from Yoo Jonghyuk's upper body. The process of gradually settling the imbalances in the body, eliminating waste from the body, and advancing to a higher state.
The road to Transcendence.
It was a transcendental leap that he would not normally attempt at this stage, but this time, Yoo Jonghyuk was anxious.
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at you.]
<!>[The constellation 'Lilies in Aquarius' covers the eyes of the 'Demon-like Judge of Fire'.]
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' picks his ears with his headband.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' says that if he takes off his clothes, he will be like that.]
His concentration was scattered because of the noisy constellations. He tried to endure it several times, but hewas now at his limit.
"Shut up."
The magical power that had been neatly refined was absorbed in an instant, and Yoo Jonghyuk let out a deep breath.
He frowned as he picked up his clothes and coat from the floor.
His clothes were scattered in a mess, just like this round.
Because.
Even thinking about it again, there was something strange about this round. The constellations in the sky, the incarnations that follow him, and.
'Cheon Inho.'
That strange guy and the name they keep muttering.
'Kim Dokja.'
He didn’t know why, but the incarnations of this world kept saying that name.
This was especially true for incarnations that had not been active in previous rounds.
For example, that idiotic incarnation of Jophiel who keeps imitating his way of speaking.
—What do you usually eat?
—At what time do you usually go to bed and at what time do you wake up?
—Do you also do intermittent fasting or something like that?
If Lee Hyunsung hadn't stopped him, he would have smashed the head of the guy who kept asking about pointless things multiple times.
—But really, doesn’t anything come to mind when you hear the name 'Kim Dokja'?
A throbbing pain rose in his temple, and memories of 45 days ago suddenly flashed through his mind.
With the 'absolute throne' in front of him, he fought with an incarnation.
A woman named Han Sooyoung.
Sheknew he was a regressor. A being stronger than any other incarnation encountered in this round.
When he came to hissenses after the fight, Yoo Jonghyuk realized that she had disappeared from this world.
What was left behind when she disappeared were the memories she had planted in his head after delving into his mind.
<&>「"Just let go already and get lost, you damn bastard."」
<&>「"I am Yoo Jonghyuk’s colleague who came back alive."」
A face that was hard to remember, as mushy as dough that has been rolled out.
<&>「"Hello, Joonghyuk. How are you? Your face looks nice."」
In the process of recalling that memory again and again, Yoo Jonghyuk realized that these memories were not his own, but memories of another world.
Normally, he wouldn't have been so agitated just because such a world existed.
If only he hadn't heard those words in his memory.
<&>「"Yoo Joonghyuk. Come to your senses. Don’t be mistaken in thinking that it will get better if you repeat it a few times."」
A voice that resonates loudly as if cutting out his entire life.
<&>「"Even if you save the world, you will not be saved. The moment you save the world, the worlds you abandoned will come upon you. Even if you save one world, all the other worlds you abandoned will drag you to hell."」
<&>「"Don't be fooled into thinking that throwing away this round will make the next round better. Maybe the round you are trying to throw away is the only round where you can see the end of this world as a 'human'."」
While living in the 41st round, no one had ever said anything like that to him.
And luckily, the Yoo Jonghyuk in his memories was able to hear words he had never heard.
And in only the 3rd round.
In a state of innocence unpolluted by the tragedies of this world.
He doesn’t know what happened to Yoo Joonghyuk of that world line after that.
But one thing is certain. Something must have changed about that Yoo Joonghyuk. And if he was lucky, he might have seen the end of the world as a true human.
The bitter smile on his lips right now was probably self-deprecation about the years he had lived. A mockery of the time when he endured tragedy more desperately than anyone else.
<&>「"In return for enduring that long time, he was no longer 'human'."」
He was Yoo Jonghyuk of the 41st round.
The only round where humans could see the end of the world.
Now all that was left in his life was tragedy.
Eternal punishment given to him who chose to [Regress].
The world he abandoned will continue to haunt him like a curse.
Even if all scenarios are cleared, salvation will not be given to him.
The moment he thought like that.
"Yay!"
As if to punish his thoughts, someone hit him on the back of the head.
