<title>684 Episode 22 Name (6)
At first, of course I thought it was a joke.
—Hit Yoo Jonghyuk in the back of the head.
"Huh?"
Because no sane person would make such a suggestion.
—Then I will help you.
No, seriously?
Why?
—Because I miss it.
"Why do you want to see that?"
It was a difficult question to ask.
I guess he said he wanted to see it because it was fun. The 'Demon King of Salvation' is a constellation after all.
No, before he was a constellation, that person actually liked hitting Yoo Jonghyuk in the back of the head.
Not only in the 3rd round, but also in the 1,863rd round, he was a heinous great man who hit Yoo Jonghyuk on the back of the head and made him eat dirt.
If you think about it, it was a strange thing.
Why did Kim Dokja do such a thing?
Is he naturally a bit sadistic?
—Why? Can't you do it? Did you ask for help without that much courage?
"No, being courageous and being crazy are different."
—If you can’t do it, quit. You don't need my help, right?
"No! I need it! I need it!"
I calmed down and thought about this proposal again.
If you think about it, Kim Dokja’s actions were thoroughly calculated throughout the scenarios.
From an item picked up during a scenario to a paving stone laid in advance, Kim Dokja was the person who prepared for the very distant future.
That guy told me to hit Yoo Jonghyuk in the back of the head.
If so, there must be a reason.
Tak!
I believed so. Until I heard a clicking sound from my palm.
The moment my eyes met with Yoo Jonghyuk’s, who slowly turned his head. I realized what I had done.
A terrifying look that seems to freeze even your heart. Pupils glowing with terrible heat glared at me.
First of all, to make the facts clear, I did not properly hit Yoo Jonghyuk in the back of the head.
To be exact, I just hit the magic barrier between the back of Yoo Jonghyuk's head and my palm.
<!>[Incarnation 'Yoo Jonghyuk'’s skill 'Self-Defense Lv.10' is being activated.]
In the seventh scenario, the self-defense level is as high as level 10.
This was an opponent on whom an attack from the back of the head would not work.
'What should I do now?'
Anyway, I kept my promise to Kim Dokja.
From now on, it’s up to Kim Dokja.
—You really did this.
'Yes?'
—I didn't know you would really do it.
Are you crazy?
Lately, another piece of information about Kim Dokja came to mind.
Clearly, Kim Dokja plans everything thoroughly.
However, did this person have a plan when he hit Yoo Jonghyuk?
"What are you doing?"
My spine straightened and my spine went numb. It became clear to me that if this continued, I would die.
What on earth have I done?
Why did I hit Yoo Jonghyuk in the back of the head?
To the guy who already has a grudge against me-
<!>[Exclusive characteristics are activated!]
Is it because I was in danger? Suddenly, my head became clear and my mind became clearer.
This became clear.
Let's live. I have to survive somehow.
To Yoo Jonghyuk, I am now Cheon Inho.
If I were Cheon Inho, what would I say to Yoo Jonghyuk now?
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.10' is activated!]
Equipped with the special Cheon Inho mode, my narrowed eyes twirled in a gentle arc.
"Your skill proficiency is amazing. I wouldn’t have been able to stop you in my last life."
Yoo Jonghyuk's expression, who had been rolling his eyes at my shameless tone, changed completely.
"Did you regain your memories from the last round?"
I just shrugged my shoulders without answering. However, Yoo Jonghyuk’s answer was unexpected.
"Stop acting. I already know that you are not 'Cheon Inho'."
I swallowed my embarrassment.
I knew that Yoo Jonghyuk was suspicious of me.
But I never thought he would bring that up out loud.
"Why do you think that?"
"If you were really Cheon Inho, you would have aimed for a more obvious vital point."
"Then let’s use the fake Cheon Inho. After all, who I am doesn't matter, right?"
"It wasn’t important. Originally."
With those words, Yoo Jonghyuk put on his coat.
After that, he sat down on a chair and started gulping down the drink on the table. Even as he drank his drink, he did not take his eyes off the clear sky outside the window.
I could see what Yoo Jonghyuk was looking at.
In the center of the cloudless sky, there remained traces as if someone had grabbed the space itself and ripped it away.
This was from the award ceremony 45 days ago, when the 'Great Hall' disappeared.
Beyond the sky, me and Yoo Jonghyuk fought Asmodeus, then I faced off against the 'Founder of the Absolute Throne'.
Does Yoo Jonghyuk remember what happened that day?
—Also.
Kim Dokja, who was watching Yoo Jonghyuk with me, said.
—He’s not killing you.
I was dumbfounded. Did he make me hit the head of Yoo Jonghyuk just to test it?
—You've learned that he won't kill you anyway. This is important. I don't know how many more times I'm going to have to hit that guy in the back of the head from now on.
'I won't hit him anymore.'
Yoo Jonghyuk, who must have sensed my gaze, put down his glass and opened his mouth.
"Fake Cheon Inho."
"Yes."
"Why did you stop me from taking the Absolute Throne?"
"You took it in the end."
"I know what you did."
Yoo Jonghyuk's whole body slowly looked back at me, showing the power of a king.
But that was only a matter of momentum, and it didn't actually have any influence on me.
In this round, it was proof that the 'Absolute Throne' was not functioning properly.
"How did you kill the 'God of Another World'?"
"I was lucky."
"Why on earth did you do that?"
"You will never see a proper ending if you take the throne."
"How do you know that?"
"You’re a regressor and you still don’t know that?"
In the meantime, did the 'Demon King of Salvation' Kim Dokja's tone of voice change? Without realizing it, I came up with a sharp answer.
Yoo Jonghyuk’s reaction was clear.
"You."
Yoo Jonghyuk acted as if he was going to kill him this time.
I started gulping on my saliva without realizing it.
—Don’t be scared. He won’t kill you.
I also agreed with what Kim Dokja said.
Yoo Jonghyuk can't kill me now.
In fact, Yoo Jonghyuk's murderous spirit, who was glaring at me, slowly subsided. Yoo Jonghyuk made his decision.
Rather than killing me here and now. It's better to use me.
—It's not a very bad situation. You have been recognized by Jonghyuk, right?
Recognized by Yoo Jonghyuk.
That sounds like I haven't lived very wrongly.
I didn't feel bad inside.
Yoo Jonghyuk continued speaking.
"That day, there was someone other than you who stopped me."
I could immediately tell who Yoo Jonghyuk was talking about.
That was a story about Han Sooyoung.
"She planted a memory in my head."
"What memory?"
"A memory from another world line."
Even though it was something I expected, I got goosebumps again.
Not another Yoo Jonghyuk, but Yoo Jonghyuk of the 41st round learned about the world line of 『Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint』.
I was curious about Kim Dokja's reaction, but he didn’t say anything.
"Do you know that world line too?"
"I do."
I became curious for a moment.
How does Yoo Jonghyuk in the 41st round view the world of 『Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint』?
What did he feel when he saw the story of that world?
"Can you do something similar to that woman?"
"Yes?"
"I’m asking if you can plant the memories of that world line in my head."
Like Han Sooyoung, I did not have the complete story of Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.
But if I were to simply inject what happened in that world line, I might be able to imitate it similarly.
Because I have [Incite].
"If you turn off [mental barrier], I can do it, however clumsily. Are you curious about the story of that world line?"
I was worried for a moment.
If Yoo Jonghyuk says he wants to know that world line, should I tell him the story?
If that happens, what will happen to this 41st round?
"I’m not curious about the story."
Yoo Jonghyuk said that and frowned again, I wondered what he was thinking. Then he opened his mouth as if sighing lightly.
"I received a call from Anna Croft a little while ago."
It was a name I hadn’t heard in a long time.
Anna Croft.
The representative incarnation of Asgard. She is the representative of the American group.
"That woman’s group will join the final battle of the seventh scenario."
"You mean Zarathustra?"
"It seems like you know."
I nodded.
In fact, I had used the Specter's Stone to meet Anna Croft.
I had a brief conversation with her.
"Are you planning to join forces with her?"
To be honest, I was surprised.
I don't know what happened in the 40th round, but the Yoo Jonghyuk I know was never the type of person to join forces with 'Anna Croft'.
Of course, things will change when we enter the later episodes of 'Ways of Survival', but this is only the 41st round.
Yoo Jonghyuk, who has not forgotten any of the tragedy that occurred in the last round... will he be able to cooperate with that 'Anna Croft'?
"If I ever meet Anna Croft, I’ll probably kill her."
With those words, a strange sensation arose throughout Yoo Jonhyuk's body.
It was a sense of an unsettling story.
At the same time, Kim Dokja’s voice was heard.
—Damn, that kid got that tattooed on his body in only the seventh scenario?
Kim Dokja seemed to recognize what Yoo Jonghyuk's story was.
"Anna Croft is still useful. She has work to do, at least until the world ends. So if I'm going to kill her..."
Yoo Jonghyuk took a slow breath as if to calm himself down.
"You should stop it."
"Yes?"
"Infuse me with memories of another world line."
"What… if I do something like that?"
"Then I can stop."
Goosebumps slowly appeared down my spine.
Only then did I start to understand why Yoo Jonghyuk kept me alive.
"I don’t really know why, but when I receive these memories, I stop acting."
<&>「Happy memories.」
I don’t know what happened to Yoo Jonghyuk’s inner self after receiving his memories.
However, Yoo Jonghyuk was speaking.
"I don’t know if you are Cheon Inho or not. But you will stay next to me and stop me when I give you an order."
Stop him when he orders me to.
"That’s your usefulness."
I understood what Yoo Jonghyuk meant. That's why I couldn't believe it.
—Congratulations, youngest. Looks like this is going to work out well.
Just now, I was officially recognized by Yoo Jonghyuk of the 41st round.
"This is an order. Join this scenario."
Become his companion to prevent the destruction of this world.
'Constellation.'
—Huh.
The moment when the first ray of light shone in the 41st world, which was filled with all kinds of gloomy prospects.
Maybe it is not too late for the 41st round. This story can still be changed.
As expected, Kim Dokja spoke in an even more excited voice as if he was moved.
—Next time you hit him in the back of the head, let’s inject a memory where I made him eat dirt.
I ignored Kim Dokja’s nonsense and checked my smartphone. That was because a vibration rang at that moment.
<!>[A new episode of 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' has been updated on the platform.]
And then I realized I had forgotten I had this ability.
The ability to check 'comments' on episodes posted on the platform. If I used this ability, not only what happened in the last 45 days. I may also be able to get hints about future events.
With that in mind, I clicked on the platform app… How did this happen?
The series from the last 45 days in which I fainted did not exist.
