<title>685 Episode 22 Name (7)
"Departure is in one hour. When you are ready, come to the throne room in Gwanghwamun."
After completing the one-sided notification, Yoo Joonghyuk sat cross-legged again and closed his eyes.
I immediately left Yoo Joonghyuk and headed to the Gwanghwamun tent village where people were gathered.
While moving, I had a brief chat with Kim Dokja.
—That’s an interesting ability. You mean you can only read the comments and not the text?
'Yes.'
Kim Dokja, the 'Demon King of Salvation' who shared my vision, was busy looking at the platform app linked to his smartphone.
+
…
Episode 22. Name (3) +[8]
Episode 22. Name (2) +[11]
Episode 22. Name (1) +[14]
…
+
It appears that the app can be shared on the smartphone received as a relic.
Just by looking briefly, Kim Dokja seemed to realize what the situation was.
—Your story is being serialized here in real time.
'I think so.'
If you think about it, Kim Dokja also experienced something similar.
At that time, it was not a spin-off, but a revised version of Ways of Survival.
—There was quite a long break from the series between episodes 21 and 22.
The break period between episodes 21 and 22 is exactly 45 days.
'It’s the same amount of time I was unconscious.'
That means that this 'serialization' is recorded only when I am awake.
'Who is serializing it?'
The original author of 'Ways of Survival' and 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' was Han Sooyoung.
So, is it her who is writing this series?
Of course, Han Sooyoung died right before my eyes.
But... there's no way she really died. The Han Sooyoung I know would definitely survived that.
—How do I know that?
'You can observe the whole universe.'
—That's what the Oldest Dream does.
When I think about it, his current identity was the 'Demon King of Salvation'.
I had a strange feeling.
What was his constellation level?
'What grade are you: historical-grade, narrative grade, or mythical grade?'
In the original work, Kim Dokja's final grade was 'myth level'.
However, according to Kim Dokja, the Demon King of Salvation, the Kim Dokja I know was divided around 'modifiers'. That means...
—Let’s read the comments first. Try a free ticket.
Looking at the way he was changing the subject, I guess he wasn’t a mythical grade.
<!>[One free daily pass will be deducted.]
Anyway, the suggestion to read the comments itself wasn't bad. Because I needed as much information as possible right now.
I clicked on the comments for the most recent episode.
<!>[Regardless of the order, one comment from that episode will be revealed at random.]
+
—The Demon King of Salvation! The Demon King of Salvation! The Demon King of Salvation!
+
I saved the person who wrote the comment as a fan of the 'Demon King of Salvation' and checked the next comment.
+
—Zeus, Poseidon, Jecheon Daeseong, and... the Demon King of salvation.
+
Is he also a fan of the ' Demon King of Salvation'?
I felt Kim Dokja grinning in my head and wondered what was so funny.
I immediately checked the third comment.
+
—That is not the Demon King of Salvation I knew...
+
"Finally a normal comment."
I don't know who wrote the comment, but he is truly a wise friend.
I thought I had finally hit Kim Dokja, but unexpectedly, his reaction was calm.
—What. Because each person’s idea of 'me' will be different.
'You admit it easily?'
—Me too, my impression of Yoo Joonghyuk was different when I first saw him and when I saw him later.
'Are you talking about Yoo Joonghyuk again?'
—Joonghyuk is soft now, but there are times in the second half where he really seems like a psychopath. Especially when his coins decrease, that child becomes very sensitive...
Certainly, this 'Demon King of Salvation' was cynical.
He looked a lot like Kim Dokja.
An office worker who was afraid to even buy a lunch box from a convenience store. A man who lived a simple life of happiness, whose daily pleasure was to get off work early and read Ways of Survival.
—Still, Joonghyuk is somewhat loyal. From what I've seen, it doesn't seem like there was anything wrong with the 41st round...
He was saved by the story of 'Yoo Joonghyuk' and loved 'Ways of Survival' more than anyone else.
A person who was often selfish and sometimes played mischievous pranks, but still had a shred of warmth towards humans.
—If you take advantage of that and roll well in the 41st round, no matter how bad your situation is…
Kim Dokja does not have a great sense of justice, but he protects those close to him at all costs.
—Are you listening to me?
'Yes. 'I’ll look at the last comment.'
I used my last free pass.
+
—He’s in danger of dying again. At this point, I feel pity. Well, his constellation is also the Demon King of Salvation...
+
We were silent at the same time. This was because it was very clear who was in danger of dying.
'What is it? This.'
—Hmm.
Is it related to the seventh scenario?
Yoo Joonghyuk said: 'The end of the 'seventh scenario' will be with Anna Croft.'
That means the final chapter of this scenario is 'Peace Land'.
It means that it will be a kind of national cooperative war...
What happened there?
Kim Dokja, who was thinking deeply about something, asked.
—How much of a difference is there between this point of view and our point of view now?
'It will be almost the same. I think the latest version depicts the near future a little ahead of time.'
—It has the same effect as Anna Croft’s short-term future vision. Since you have to guess from the comments, the accuracy of the analysis is somewhat low.
'Yes. Well, that's right.'
—What is the speed of development per episode?
'It's not that fast in my opinion.'
—Then it may not be a crisis related to the scenario.
That is correct.
So what is this crisis?
First of all, I think I avoided being beaten to death by Yoo Joonghyuk.
—Have you felt anything strange since you woke up?
My sponsor seemed to have something to do with it.
'Is there something strange?'
—Suddenly, I thought 'that' would start.
'…Can you please stop using ominous expressions? You just have to tell me exactly.'
—I thought so too when I was an incarnation, but if I say it this way, the probability cost is low.
'Does talking also cost money with Midday Tryst?'
—Do you think it’s easy for a constellation to convey information? I think by now you...
'Yes?'
A swooshing sound was heard in Kim Dokja's voice, as if there were noise, and then a light spark flew out of the smartphone.
<!>['Midday Tryst' was interrupted due to a temporary error.]
I immediately checked my smartphone. I thought the relic was defective, but it didn't seem that way.
"Hello?"
Kim Dokja said nothing. No indirect message was heard.
Has he suddenly been hit with a probability aftermath?
That may be so.
Even if the 'Demon King of Salvation' is not a mythical grade constellation, it’s still a constellation.
Worst of all, why would we waste all the probability just by calling their names and refer to them with modifiers?
However, I had a real-time chat with a constellation.
Even if the relic shared the probability, it would certainly not have been an easy task for Kim Dokja.
Anyway, things got awkward.
It seemed like he was trying to say something important at the end...
While I was thinking about this and that, I entered the tent village.
"Ahjussi?"
There was a girl waiting for me at the entrance.
"Ah."
It was Shin Yoosoung.
***
I remember the last time I met Shin Yoosoung.
Shin Yoosoung, whom I met in the solo dungeon 'Nagak’s Field' and explored the Star Jewel Dungeon together.
<&>「"If you say one word, I will kill them all."」
Shin Yoosoung at that time was definitely not the Shin Yoosoung of the 41st round.
"It’s been a while. How have you been?"
"Fine!"
I looked at Shin Yoosoung, who was shouting brightly, and stared at her secretly. A unique white and bright face. I could tell with just a quick look.
It doesn't feel the same as before.
Just looking at each other made me feel cold.
The golden glow is no longer detectable.
So, is Shin Yoosoung’s possession now over?
If it's over, why?
An ominous thought rushed into my mind.
Maybe something bad had happened to <Kim Dokja’s Company>.
"Do you remember what happened in the Star Jewel Dungeon?"
I didn't ask with high hope.
However, I was curious about this child's condition.
If this child was possessed by Shin Yoosoung of the 1,864th round, what state was this child in during the possession?
"Of course. I remember everything."
She remembers?
"Do you also remember taming the ancient Nagak?"
"Of course! But…"
Shin Yoosoung, who paused for a moment, continued.
"That wasn’t me."
"Yes?"
“No, it was me... I guess I should say it was a slightly different me..."
My heart was beating slowly.
She has memories of being in a state of possession.
"What do you mean?"
Shin Yoosoung hesitated for a while and explained, as if she had trouble expressing  it.
"Well, do you know a skill called [Taming]?"
"No."
"If I had to express it, ... it feels like this. It seems strange that I, from another world, must have tamed me and moved on, doesn’t it?"
Shin Yoosoung, who was twisting her hair with her fingers, glanced at me and lowered her head.
I said, holding the child's small shoulder.
"No. It’s not strange at all."
"Really?"
"Yes. I believe you, Miss Yoosoung."
Shin Yoosoung’s eyes shone brightly. Her eyes were not as golden as when the 41st round Shin Yoosoung possessed her, but in some ways, her eyes were clearer than before.
Shin Yoosoung, who was faintly embarrassed, opened her mouth again.
"Ah, I thought you might believe me. My other self also said that."
"What did she say?"
"I can trust you, ahjussi."
"…"
"And now she said she won’t be able to come for a while. So she said I should take good care of you…"
I don't know why Shin Yoosoung's possession ended. However, she was worried about me until the last moment when the possession was lifted.
Shin Yoosoung looked up at me and asked cautiously.
"Ahjussi? Are you okay?"
"It's okay."
She hurriedly lifted her head and closed her eyes.
Shin Yoosoung asked in an innocent voice.
"Ahjussi, but can I ask you one question?"
"Yes. Just ask."
"Who is Kim Dokja?"
Where did this child hear that name?
"Kim Dokja…"
The name rang in my ears and my head became dizzy.
"Ahjussi?"
Shin Yoosoung hurriedly caught me as I stumbled.
What is it? Somehow my limbs felt weak.
"Ah, ahjussi! Blood…!"
Shin Yoosoung, who hurriedly called me, pointed to my neck. I unconsciously brought my hand to my neck.
When did it happen?
Blood was flowing from a minor wound on my neck.
When I looked closely, I saw that it wasn't blood. The blood on my fingers was breaking into pieces.
A story?
"Get away!"
As soon as I reflexively pushed Shin Yoosoung away, sparks started flying from my whole body.
<!>[The <Star Stream> has determined the grade of the story that will be given to you.]
Kim Dokja’s words came to mind.
Advice that 'my crisis may not be a scenario'.
<&>「I was in a 'scenario departure area', when I was weak, I killed the 'God of the Other World' with the 'Demon King of Salvation'.」
45 days ago, the accomplishments I had achieved were truly unbelievable.
And now, that achievement was coming back to me as a story.
However, not all 'stories' always bring only beneficial effects to their owners.
<!>[A new story related to you is born!]
<!>[The story 'Heir of the Eternal Name' was born!]
Heir of the Eternal Name.
That was the name of my new story.
<!>[The temporary grade of this story is 'semi-mythical level'.]
<!>[The grade of this story may be reevaluated in the future.]
<!>[Your current level cannot handle this story.]
One day, on the 'Island of Reincarnation', Yoo Hoseong, the invincible warrior, said something like that.
Those who cannot control the story will eventually be eaten by the story.
For a moment, I remembered what 49% Kim Dokja was like.
He is an [Avatar] Kim Dokja with 49% of his memory.
51% left paving stones for the happiness of his companions.
Wait a minute, no way.
In the 1,864th round, 49% Kim Dokja suffers from a disease that gradually causes his stories to collapse.
<!>[Your physical condition is extremely unstable.]
<!>[The durability of the body decreases rapidly!]
This was the price I paid for declaring that I would become 'Kim Dokja'.
<!>[Currently, you are an imperfect Kim Dokja.]
<!>[You must acquire additional Kim Dokja Fragments to survive.]
I saw my companions running after spotting me from afar. Dansu ahjussi, Kyung Sein, and even Killer King.
But I couldn't welcome them.
<!>[The story 'Heir of the Eternal name’ is craving it.]
The story inside me was commanding me.
<!>[If you do not acquire a new 'Kim Dokja Fragment' within 50 minutes, you will die.]
To become the one and only Kim Dokja. To destroy all other Kim Dokjas.
<!>[Time left until death: 49:51]
