<title>692 Episode 24 Expert (2)
"Seonah-ssi."
Koo Seonah.
A reader who joined Kim Kyungsik from the 'Theater Dungeon'.
Number of complete reads: 8.
Her nickname is Lady Cheolgon.
She was last heard of in the Palace Museum's Star Jewel Dungeon and fortunately appears to be safe.
"I asked… what did you do just now?"
The problem is that she witnessed a very embarrassing scene.
My mind was confused.
How far did Koo Seonah see?
I took a deep breath and thought over and over again.
Looking at it calmly, from someone else's perspective, it would have seemed like I had just broken a doll that resembled Kim Dokja.
It's a bit of a suspicious scene, but it makes me look like that.
Is it serious enough to be questioned?
"How did you get that skill-"
Skill?
Belatedly, I looked down at my fingertips.
The surface of the nails that came into contact with the steam from the humidifier installed in the hospital room.
It was shaking subtly.
The characteristic of the skill [Acting Human] was revealed naturally.
"This."
It was definitely a situation that could have been misunderstood.
If Koo Seonah saw me using the skill of Kim Kyungsik, who died as soon as I absorbed the doll.
Then suddenly a thought occurred to me.
But can we say that it is a misunderstanding?
Anyway, we have to talk.
I need to explain what is happening to me and what the situation is.
<!>[Exclusive skill 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' is activated!]
<!>[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint activated at will.]
Then, I began to hear someone’s true thoughts.
<&>「Obviously, Kim Kyungsik was dead at that time.」
It was clear even without asking whose true thoughts these were.
<&>「I clearly saw him die. I definitely saw it.」
"Seonah-ssi?"
As I took a step closer, Koo Seonah took a step back with a fearful expression.
Her memories were flooding through her mind.
A place surrounded by damp stone walls. In the dungeon of the collapsed National Palace Museum, she was surrounded by the Misreading association.
<&>「"Kill her. This is an opportunity to kill an apostle."」
I couldn't tell whose voice it was among the members of the Misreading association.
What is certain is that in the dungeon she was surrounded and her life was on the line.
<&>「"Recover the fragments! Never miss it!"」
That she was not the only apostle in this place.
<&>「"Miss Seona. Roll up the front!"」
The two fought brilliantly. It was only natural since both of them had completed Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint. However, the number of enemies was too high, and they even encountered a dungeon guard along the way.
Just as there are scenarios that even Yoo Jonghyuk, who has gone through countless regressions, cannot handle, there is bad luck that even readers who read Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint completely cannot avoid.
It was a blind arrow that they normally wouldn't have paid attention to.
Koo Seonha, who had high agility, easily dodged the arrow.
The problem was Kim Kyungsik who was behind her.
With the sound of something being pierced, Kim Kyungsik fell to his knees. It was the timing when his specialty, [Acting Human], reactivated.
<&>「"Grandpa!"」
Kim Kyungsik, who coughed up a handful of blood, smiled bitterly and said.
<&>「"Shit. It's wrong."」
<&>「"What are you talking about, you can still buy 'Ellaine Forest's Spirit'—"」
<&>「"I’m poisoned. I won’t be able to last even 10 minutes at most."」
Kim Kyungsik must have read her expression and smiled brightly.
<&>「"It’s okay."」
Koo Sunah doesn’t know what kind of person Kim Kyungsik is. What was his real name, where did he live, how many people were  in his family.
She doesn't know anything.
All she knew was that her friend Kim Kyungsik had read and liked the same story as her.
<&>「"You promised. I said we'd see the end of this world together."」
<&>「"I did. So run away. Then I too will survive."」
Koo Seonah couldn't bear to ask what that meant.
Because she was afraid of the approaching enemies. Because she didn't want to die. 
Koo Seonah ran away alone. She continued to run away without even looking back.
Kim Kyungsik's last words were like the lingering scent of an extinguished cigarette.
It stuck in her head.
<&>「"Didn’t we all in this world originate from one person?"」
I took a step closer to Koo Seonah. Koo Seonah cried out in frustration.
"Oh, don’t come! Don’t come!"
Koo Seonah’s bloodshot eyes were frightened.
"I-I didn’t kill him!"
Koo Seonah wasn't surprised because she thought I had absorbed Kim Kyungsik. Now she is faced with her own guilt that she had been ignoring.
"I didn’t kill him! It's not because of me... It's not because of me!"
Koo Seonah turned her back on that path and started running away.
The moment I tried to call her again.
—Don't chase her.
Kim Dokja stopped me in a calm voice.
—That's not something you can solve.
As Koo Seonah's back moved away, even though I know what he said was right, I couldn't take my eyes off it.
Someday, there will be a chance to explain today's events again.
Until then, I could only hope that her heart would recover safely.
—Let’s prepare for the next scenario. You have to chase after Yoo Jonghyuk.
In the midst of the urgency, I had forgotten for a moment.
Originally, I had planned to participate in the final part of the 7th scenario with Yoo Jonghyuk.
But midway through, I got a 'Story Penalty', and Yoo Jonghyuk abandoned me and left.
—You know that that kid is not in a normal state right now, right?
'It felt like regression depression.'
I don't know the reason, but Yoo Jonghyuk's regression depression in the 41st round appeared to be in severe condition.
That's probably why he tried to use me as a kind of suppressant.
—If you go too late, that bastard might kill Anna.
If that happens, things will get messy.
'Anna.'
—Let’s leave as soon as Jung Heewon wakes up, understood?
Jung Heewon. Anna, Lee Hyunsung...
When I think about it, Kim Dokja, the 'Demon King of Salvation', is their leader.
He did not call them in a friendly tone.
That's because he doesn't consider this world his own.
Or is it that he intentionally wants to keep a distance?
'Constellation.'
Although I am Kim Dokja, I do not know Kim Dokja’s heart.
I don't know why he's helping me or what he expects of me.
So I had to ask.
—Huh.
'Now tell me.'
Why couldn't Kim Dokja return to his companions?
Why did all this start?
'Who on earth are the people who killed you?'
***
To conclude, I could not get a proper answer from Kim Dokja.
—First of all, it is clear that the giant nebula guys are involved.
'In this worldline, are there any major events that do not involve a 'giant nebula'?'
That wasn't what I wanted to hear.
'No matter how huge the nebula is, can they kill you? It would be impossible for even mythical constellations.'
Even thinking about it again, I still don’t understand.
'Able to kill Kim Dokja, who has the status of the 'Oldest Dream'.
Is there a being in this universe that can even touch the tip of his hair?
How many will there be?
—Something complicated happened in the middle. It's long to explain and my memory isn't perfect.
"You said earlier that if I eat that fragment, you’ll remember it."
—I thought so, but I can't remember properly. Okay, but let's talk about it...
After speaking up to that point, Kim Dokja didn't answer for a long time.
I wondered why.
<!>[There is too much usage of 'Midday Tryst' today.]
<!>[Excessive probability has accumulated in the relic.]
Tsutsutchut. The smartphone rattled with a sound.
Well, no matter how much it is [Midday Tryst], it is not normal to share so much information and messages with your sponsor from the beginning.
Fortunately, the probability issue was quickly resolved.
<!>[Please pay additional coins.]
After all, there is nothing that cannot be done with coins.
I waited for a while. I thought that Kim Dokja would soon start talking again.
"Constellation."
But no matter how long I waited, Kim Dokja didn’t continue the conversation.
"Hey."
Could it be that you don't want to pay with coins so you're not saying anything?
Should I pay again?
<!>[Your constellation is looking at you.]
As a test, I tried doing nothing and staying still.
<!>[Your constellation is looking at you.]
Let's pretend not to know.
<!>[Your constellation is looking at you!]
<!>[Your constellation is looking at you!]
<!>[Your constellation is looking at you!]
The moment I finally decided to put in the coins thinking that it really wouldn’t work with this person, a portal was seen swirling in the center of Gwanghwamun in the distance along with the sound of ki-ee-ing.
At this time, I wondered what kind of portal it was, but when I looked, people who were not Korean came out of the portal.
"I’m here to purchase the 4th grade monster parts! Is the seller here by any chance?"
The one who shouted was a woman with brown hair in the lead.
Even though it was my first time seeing this face, I knew immediately who it was the moment I heard her neat tone of voice.
Selena Kim.
It must have been Anna Croft's right-hand woman, Selena Kim.
As expected, it appears that Anna's group 'Zarathustra' was the one who applied for the purchase of the 4th grade Earth Dragon species parts, as there would be only a few groups willing to pay more than 300,000 coins at such an early stage.
"Cheon Inho-ssi! Are you there?"
By the way, does Selena Kim's arrival mean that Anna Croft also came?
People started buzzing, so I decided to make my presence known.
"That's me!"
Selena Kim spotted me as I approached and waved my hand.
She bowed her head and said hello.
"Cheon Inho-ssi?"
"Yes, that’s right."
"Nice to meet you. I’m—"
"Selena Kim, is that right?"
"Do you know me?"
My eyes widened and my heart pounded as I saw her.
I never thought I would see Selena Kim in person.
The feeling is new.
I survived this far.
"It is. The king’s guardian."
"Ah."
"Nice to meet you."
Selena Kim, with her cheeks blushing, bowed her head to express her gratitude.
"Thank you. That’s very kind of you. I’m a little surprised."
"No, as far as kindness—"
"The King is a very scary person, so I was honestly nervous."
It seems that Selena Kim has already made contact with Yoo Jonghyuk. Does that mean she was in a hurry to make time during the scenario?
As if my prediction was correct, Selena Kim quickly got to the point.
"Where is the 4th grade Earth Dragon you registered for sale—"
"Did you catch the '4th grade Earth Dragon Species'?"
It was then that the woman in the back stepped forward.
A voice I heard for the first time and a face I saw for the first time. Her hair had a hint of pink. She is one hand shorter than Selena Kim.
She had funky makeup, but she was a woman in a neat suit.
"Who are you?"
"I asked if you caught it."
Was there anyone in Anna's group who was this rude?
I answered in a voice with a twisted judgment.
"Such a deb show."
The woman didn't seem at all embarrassed by my response.
"Okay?"
Her eyes shone brightly as if she was having fun.
"Yes, this is it."
There was a pocket watch in her hand.
For a moment, an alarm bell rang in my head.
I instinctively activated [Incite] and held 'Unbreakable Faith' with my right hand.
"You’re quick to notice."
But that one was faster.
A pocket watch that moves in both directions.
I thought I should take my eyes off the clock, but my pupils didn't listen.
Because that was that kind of item.
Yeongmyeon’s pocket watch.
Only then did I realize who the incarnation in front of me was.
In the entire Ways of Survival, there is only one incarnation with that pocket watch.
Finger snapper, Christina Page.
The incarnation of America who cleared the first scenario by achieving the achievement 'Demagogy Killing' incitement like me.
<!>[Your total magic power is lower than that of the caster.]
<!>[Due to the effect of Pocket Watch of the Immortal Face, your skills will decrease for 2 seconds.]
It was only 2 seconds, but it felt like eternity.
"From now on you will."
Christina's smile sent a chill down my spine.
It burned and spread.
"You’ll fall into a terrible sleep."
My consciousness went off with the sound of someone snapping their fingers.
***
Christina thought as she looked at the man with his head bowed in front of her.
'I was worried after hearing it from Anna, but it turned out to be nothing more than I thought.'
It seemed like he was quite quick to notice, but she took him by surprise.
It was impossible to avoid her hypnotism in the first place.
"Christina, what on earth is this?"
"What?"
"There was no plan like this! How could you be so rude— Our purpose is to purchase parts of the 4th grade earth dragon species..."
Christina, seemingly tired of hearing Selena's nagging, responded while rolling her eyes.
"You really don’t know anything, kid."
"What do you mean?"
"Why do you think Anna sent me with you?"
"…"
"If we’re only going to buy parts for the 4th grade Earth Dragon species, all she has to do is send the innocent you. Why would she send this body along with it?"
When Selena Kim hesitated, Christina seemed like she couldn't do it.
She shook her head.
"Damn, if you have brains, think about it. Since there are no items for sale, what kind of person would buy parts for a 4th grade Earth Dragon species? Sell it for 500,000 coins?"
Christina said, tapping Cheon Inho's frozen forehead with her fingertip.
"If you work at the FBI for a few years, you can get a feel for what happens. A slim figure with a sly look. Especially these narrow eyes."
"If the FBI’s investigative method is to judge only by appearance, then I will no longer trust the FBI."
"No. Of course, I'm not saying that's what the FBI says—a Korean colleague of mine once said that in Korea, a face like this is: a scammer..."
"Christina."
Christina felt like she was hearing another sound, so she quickly added.
"Anyway, the payment amount still exceeds the pre-deposited 150,000 coins. Now let’s get our things together and leave. Since it's a shameful crime, I'll take some bonuses in moderation—"
"Christina!"
"What again?"
Selena Kim's expression hardened as she turned her head to look at herannoyed face.
Christina later realized that something was off too.
Something was holding her fingers.
"Wow, I’m trying to save coins, but I end up doing all sorts of things for it."
Only one of her fingers was caught. But her body seemed frozen and did not move.
'How—'
She tried to say that it couldn't be possible.
Clearly her hypnosis was successful. He had to remain unconscious and be unable to move for at least a full day.
"It’s overflowing with 150,000 coins… How do you know the market price for the 4th grade Earth Dragon species, since you started the scenarios only two months ago?"
But he moved.
He was even talking.
That wasn't the only problem.
What on earth is this feeling?
Even after her fingers were released, her body did not move.
Her shoulders were shaking like aspen trees, and her lungs felt like they were shriveling, making it difficult to breathe.
The feeling she felt when she faced a constellation one day.
No, it felt even scarier and more distant than before.
<!>[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is glaring at you.]
She couldn't turn her head. It seemed like if she turned her head, something terrible would be facing her.
His white, cold hands gently squeezed her shoulders.
"I was only planning to take 500,000 coins... but you can’t do that, you guys."
With a light spark, a cold breath, like a devil's whisper, reached her ear.
"Go tell Anna I want to see her face."
