<title>695 Episode 24 Expert (5)
We sat in the lobby of the casino hotel and waited for Anna Croft.
Christina, who hesitantly brought out refreshments, lowered her head when she made eye contact with Kim Dokja. Apparently, she had learned her Korean greeting from her 'Korean colleague'.
She said, "I was indebted to you a little while ago. Thanks to you, I survived."
"Congratulations on your survival."
"I’m serious."
"I sincerely congratulate you on your survival."
Christina nodded her head as if it was somewhat strange to hear his sincere tone.
"Thank you. Anna will be here soon."
"Tell her to come quickly. I don’t like waiting."
"Hey, can I ask you a question?"
"No."
"Did you happen to know the King of the North?"
"I saw him for the first time today."
Even before coming to Las Vegas, I had a premonition that Kim Dokja would have an accident.
I felt it was right since I signed a contract with the 'Demon King of Salvation'.
There is a magician performing dazzling tricks in front of him, and that magician happens to be an 'obstacle' that stands in the way of his meeting with Anna Croft.
But if he happens to have the power to remove obstacles.
Kim Dokja was not one to miss that.
<!>[Some constellations are amazed at your feat!]
<!>[You received 500 coins.]
Because this world gives coins to such shows.
The problem is that the 'obstacle' that was removed showed an unexpected reaction.
—Are you... Korean?
—But?
—Your name?
—Cheon Inho.
Why? The moment he heard the name, Martinez's expression changed.
—Look at that friend, let’s go back now. I will come back in half a day.
That was all about the 'magician incident' that happened a little while ago.
Kim Dokja destroyed Martinez's magic and took away his pistol.
After hearing my name, the magician realized something and disappeared.
'No matter how much I think about it, there's an important thing I’m missing.'
Perhaps my fame has spread to Las Vegas without me knowing?
But no matter how much I think about it, there’s no way that’s possible.
—There are more famous Koreans other than us.
'Ah.'
Yoo Joonghyuk must have started talking about it as soon as he arrived, so it was understandable that he was afraid of Koreans.
However, I don't think Yoo Joonghyuk would have told him not to touch other Koreans, but he walked away much more obedient than expected.
—I don't know that much either. Do you know what kind of god I am?
That's right, God.
—And it's more fun not knowing.
'It’s the same when you’re sightseeing.'
While Kim Dokja and I were exchanging opinions, Christina and the men began carrying the parts of the Earth Dragon species.
I could feel the passing incarnations observing us with curious eyes.
Young men carrying whole wyrm bones and children hiding behind the reception desk and spying on us.
Probably all of them are Anna's 'Zarathustra'.
Selena Kim, perhaps embarrassed by the gaze of her colleagues, spoke to her.
"I’m sorry, Cheon Inho-ssi. The headquarters is still a little messy."
"It’s okay."
That's not just a polite thing to say, it's really okay.
The 'Demon King of Salvation' usually likes to receive attention.
<!>[The constellations of Las Vegas pay attention to the appearance of the incarnation 'Cheon Inho'.]
Of course, it also depends on the type of interest.
Kim Dokja was also observing people with interest, perhaps because it was his first time seeing 'Zarathustra' during this time.
"It looks like they just settled here."
Selena Kim slightly nodded her head, as if surprised by Kim Dokja's observation skills.
She said, "Yes. We just moved to the Las Vegas Dome."
"I guess you were originally at the 'Washington Dome', right?"
"Yes, that's right."
"How’s the situation in Washington?"
The main scenario revolves around the capital 'Dome' of each country.
Just as Korea has the 'Seoul Dome', the US scenario would have developed around the 'Washington Dome'.
However.
"Washington is already..."
Selena Kim's expression was dark.
What on earth has happened to America in the meantime?
And why did they leave the Washington Dome and go to Las Vegas?
Did they move to a 'dome'?
'Constellation-nim.'
—Huh.
'Will the Las Vegas Dome actually open at this timing?'
—The building itself is not the problem.
According to the settings of 'Ways of Survival', additional domes are created or additional people are summoned for certain countries as the scenario progresses.
Considering that additional people were summoned to Korea as well starting from the 'seventh scenario', it was not surprising that a new 'dome' was opened in the United States, which has a larger population than Korea.
The problem was this.
—The problem is that restrictions on movement between countries have been lifted.
Originally, 'Dome' area restrictions were not lifted until the tenth scenario was cleared.
Of course, there are global scenarios like 'Peace Land' where you can meet incarnations from other countries, but in that case, the stage was likely to be another planet, not Earth.
However, the target region for this scenario was 'the United States'.
<!>[Limited to this scenario, 'zone restrictions' will be temporarily relaxed.]
<!>[You are participating in this scenario as a 'mercenary'.]
<!>[You will be assigned a new seventh main scenario.]
A scenario that requires 'mercenaries'.
This meant that the management office also acknowledged that this 'main scenario' could not be cleared by American incarnations alone.
"Where is Yoo Joonghyuk?"
"He will be near the scenario area. The King and his party headed to the scenario area as soon as they arrived."
Judging from the fact that he said he was a 'party', it seems that Yoo Joonghyuk did not come alone.
Lee Hyunsung, Lee Jihye, Kim Namwoon, Lee Seolhwa... Perhaps other readers, including Ji Eunyu, also came.
What happened to other people?
Will Dansu ahjussi or Kyung Sein be safe?
Selena Kim asked in a curious voice, perhaps because the story of Yoo Joonghyuk came up.
"Are you close to the King?"
"We are life and death companions."
Selena Kim seemed to be thinking for a moment about what that meant.
Kim Dokja didn't seem to be expecting much of an answer either. His gaze was focused on the parts of the Earth Dragon species that were being transported inside the hotel.
She said, "The parts of the Dragon species will not be easy to process."
"We can. If you want, I can show you."
"Good. Let’s take a look while we wait for Anna."
We walked along the marble hallways inside the hotel.
This would definitely be 5 stars.
If it had been before the destruction, I wouldn't have even dared to enter a place like this, but I thought life was really strange.
When I opened the door at the end of the hallway and entered, a huge hall appeared.
"Bring the head this way!"
"Starting with bone number 4, one by one!"
"Gather the leather in front of shelf 8!"
"Eyeball! Where is the eyeball?"
Craftsmen who dismantle parts of the Earth Dragon species in real time and artisans who process the dismantled parts.
At first glance, they were all elderly incarnations.
Selena Kim introduced them.
"These are the 'supporters' that 'Zarathustra' is proud of."
Even in the <Star Stream>, where anyone can become stronger if they work hard, there are definitely innate abilities.
As evidence, older incarnations inevitably have lower initial abilities, and there is a high possibility that they will naturally fall behind in the scenario or be eliminated from the competition.
There are also incarnations who do not want to fight, even if it is not necessarily because of their age.
"Not everyone can participate in a combat scenario. Each incarnation has a specialty, and some are better suited for support."
I was a little impressed. Selena Kim's words were obvious, but some 'obviousness' is not as obvious as you might think.
'Zarathustra's reputation is not false.'
No matter how weak the incarnations are, the group's strength is clear.
It was not an easy decision to train their support abilities despite the recent loss of power.
Nevertheless, Anna Croft boldly bet on a future that never came.
There must be confidence that someday their usefulness will yield greater benefits.
However, it seems that we Korean con artists are not very happy with the Las Vegas gambler's decision.
Kim Dokja was staring at the pile of dirt that occupied one corner of the excavation with incomprehensible eyes.
People were sprinkling something that looked like fertilizer on top of a bowl-shaped pile of waste.
"Are you growing crops?"
"Yes. We need to prepare food for the future soon."
Selena Kim continued speaking as if reciting lines that had already been prepared.
"One day, when the scenarios are over, humanity will have to grow its own food again. Anna is preparing for that time."
The plants that grew in the field were species that did not grow naturally on Earth.
A plant from another planet, like 'Yanaspleta', which appeared on Earth during the Kronos erosion.
Kim Dokja looked down at the plant stem, then bent down and lightly grasped the gray soil. As soon as the soil touched Kim Dokja's hands, it quickly rotted and crumbled.
—It's not the dirt of the earth.
'Dirt from another world.'
Currently, there is only one condition for the existence of 'dirt from another world': 'planetary invasion'.
In other words, this soil was created when the fifth scenario, the 'disaster scenario' occurred.
'It's strange. If the fifth scenario was cleared normally, all of this dirt should have disappeared as well.'
Why does this 'dirt' still remain in the United States?
Kim Dokja lightly waved his hand and looked back into the hall once again.
The parts of the Earth Dragon species, which had already undergone basic processing, were being transformed into blunt-looking weapons.
Looking at weapons that were questionable as to whether they could be used, Kim Dokja sighed.
"I don’t know if you know, but 4th grade monsters’ parts are not cost-effective materials. They are difficult to process compared to parts of the same class, and their sharpness after processing is somewhat inferior. Actually, it’s not something worth buying for 630,000 coins at this early stage."
Suddenly, Kim Dokja confidently confessed that he had committed fraud.
"Normally, it is normal to purchase the bones of the highly efficient '5th grade fire dragon species' even if the grade is low. However, you purchased the 4th grade earth dragon species. You even had to waste money."
However,
"I know. Anna said so too."
Being aware of a fraudster's scam means that it is no longer a 'fraud'.
Kim Dokja, who was accidentally cleared of being accused of being a fraudster, continued.
"If you bought it knowingly, it means that there was a reason why it had to be 4th grade. I think."
As Kim Dokja said those words, he picked up a handful of the powder that had fallen during processing.
"I think it’s probably because of this."
He then sprinkled the powder on the contaminated soil.
<!>['Purification' effect occurs.]
<!>[The eroded soil has been purified.]
At that moment, everyone in the hall stopped their actions.
The craftsmen who were cutting bones and the craftsmen who were tanning leather all stopped their work and were looking at Kim Dokja.
Some incarnations were also seen secretly grabbing the weapons they were wearing around their waists.
"Selena Kim. I think you’re a good person."
Kim Dokja's eyes were already showing a cool aura.
"I’m going to ask a few questions, and I hope you’re still a good person, and nothing will go wrong here."
Several artisans jumped up from their seats. Selena Kim lightly raised her hand and blocked the artisans.
Kim Dokja asked.
"Selena Kim. Anna is not at the 'headquarters' right now. Is that correct?"
"..."
"You brought me here to kill time, because I shouldn’t interfere with your plans."
Selena Kim lowered her head and said, as if she realized she couldn't hide it anymore.
"That’s right. I’m sorry."
"Is it true that you cleared the fifth scenario normally?"
"That—"
"Where is Anna now?"
It was at that time that a small roar was heard from the hotel entrance.
<!>[The constellation 'Ender of War' enters the channel.]
<!>[The constellation 'Thursday Thunder' enters the channel.]
<!>[The constellation 'Guardian of the Big Horn Bridge' enters the channel.]
I could feel the constellations of familiar modifiers entering the channel.
Outside the window, I could see a portal created at the hotel entrance.
A portal to another area.
There was a doll slithering through the portal.
We went straight down to the hotel entrance.
When I arrived at the first floor, I saw dazzling blonde hair flowing outside the lobby.
Aloof red eyes shining through blonde hair.
The prophetess Anna Croft was there.
She must have been injured during the scenario, and blood was constantly flowing from her left arm.
Anna Croft opened her mouth to Selena Kim, who quickly took care of her tourniquet.
"What about the parts of the Earth Dragon species?"
"I brought it. A small amount can be put in right away. Even now—"
Anna Croft shook her head.
"It’s too late."
Selena Kim's face turned pale.
"No way—"
"The operation failed. I don’t know why, but I can’t see anything in [future vision]. I guess I’ll have to give up on the Washington Dome."
Several pieces of information were quickly combined in my head.
4th grade Earth Dragon species and [Purification] characteristic.
Washington Dome.
Disaster scenario.
And… companions.
My heart began to beat loudly.
I guess not. Probably not.
<&>「"He smells like a demon king. I didn’t notice it at all at first, but I definitely smelled it after he woke up from fainting."」
Why did Anna Croft return 'alone' from that portal?
With Christina's voice passing through my head, an ominous feeling arose.
I wasn't the only one who got that premonition.
"Anna Croft."
The moment she heard that voice, Anna Croft's expression hardened.
With her stiff neck she slowly turned around.
"You…how are you here?"
"Where is Yoo Joonghyuk now?"
The 'Demon King of Salvation' that I knew until now felt more like a neighborhood unemployed brother than a constellation.
He hates being boring, isn't very serious about everything, and is busy making fun of people whenever he gets the chance.
Now that guy,
"I’m asking. What happened to Yoo Joonghyuk?"
He was truly angry.
