<title>698 Episode 25 Demon King (1)
<&>「There are three ways to become a demon king. I forgot some of them. But at least one thing is certain. It is to kill another 'demon king'.」
***
"Demon King of Salvation?"
When Yoo Joonghyuk paused after hearing the modifier, Anna Croft immediately asked.
"Do you know that Demon King?"
I do not know.
Yoo Joonghyuk tried to say that.
This is because among the 72 demon kings he knew, there was no demon king with the same modifier. Nevertheless, the moment Yoo Joonghyuk heard that modifier, he got a headache and remembered someone's voice.
<&>「"There’s another sunfish!"」
A mischievous voice, as if calling a close friend.
Friend.
It was strange. Such a concept did not exist for him during his 41-rounds repeated life.
So where does this voice come from and who does it belong to?
He quickly found the answer.
'Memories of another world line.'
It must be a memory that the woman named Han Sooyoung put into his head.
<&>「"Demon King of Salvation."」
He couldn't tell if it was the name of the man in his memory or not. However, in his memory, the emotions of the people who used that modifier were clearly visible.
Some people were happy calling that name, some were sad, and some missed it.
It was a feeling he no longer had.
Yoo Joonghyuk tried to recall the man’s face. However, his face was barely visible as it was cleverly obscured by a pale white space.
What came to mind instead were the items he used.
White coat.
A sword with three properties.
The smartphone he carried around like a talisman…
The moment he thought about it, he got goosebumps.
This is because Yoo Joonghyuk already knew an incarnation who used exactly the same items.
"King?"
Hearing Anna's voice ask again, Yoo Joonghyuk returned to reality.
"It’s an unknown demon king."
Anna Croft looked at Yoo Joonghyuk for a moment and then said.
"I won’t use [Lie Detection]. I don’t think you’re the kind of person who would lie with som ething like that."
"You talk like you know me well."
"Of course I know, my lord. Because I inherited all the memories from the last round—"
"I said that I don’t have much patience for this round."
Anna closed her mouth and Yoo Joonghyuk closed his eyes and asked, trying to control his emotions.
"What more did you find out about the Demon King?"
"He is not a high-level demon king."
"How do you know that?"
"None of the 72 Demon Realms has changed hands."
Typically, the strength of a Demon King is determined by the order of the Demon World that the Demon King rules.
For example, 'Andro Mallius', the master of the 72nd demon realm, is weaker than 'Dantalion', the master of the giant devil world.
However, if the existing rulers of the demon realms are alive and well, this means that this demon king has not yet made it into the rankings.
'Is it luck among misfortunes?'
The Demon King's descendants are influenced by the status of the Demon King they each worship.
For example, in the case of 'Dark Sentinel', a 7th grade demon species, it may rise to 6th grade or drop to 8th grade depending on the type of demon king it worships.
If the 'Demon King of Salvation' is a low-level demon king, then his descendants will not be high-level individuals either.
"What kind of guy is the one who took over the East? Still, he must have been at a significant level to the point where he descended as a disaster."
If it's a disaster level, it can't be just a 6th grade or 7th grade demon species.
A demon species of at least 5th grade or higher.
There was also a possibility that he was a fallen aristocrat of a demon realm who was sold as a disaster due to debt to the management bureau.
Perhaps a demon baron, a viscount-level demon, or if they're unlucky, a count. If they are really unlucky, it may be at the marquis level.
Anything more than that will not descend due to the influence of probability.
"The only thing I found out was that it was a humanoid. Although there was a harvest where I came face to face with the symbol of the Demon King—"
"The Demon King’s symbol?"
Yoo Joonghyuk's expression hardened for the first time. He hurriedly looked around. There have been no significant signs yet.
"Why didn’t you tell me about that first?"
If the possibility of the Demon King’s symbol appearing here was acceptable, it would have been better to give up the 'Washington Dome'.
Anna, who read Yoo Joonghyuk's thoughts, hastily added.
"I didn’t see it in Washington. It was in Las Vegas that Christina came face to face with the Demon King’s symbol."
"Las Vegas?"
The Las Vegas Dome is an early scenario area where demonization has not yet occurred.
No matter how symbolic their body is, no Demon King will be safe from the aftereffects of probability if it appears in such a place carelessly.
Then.
"Did you come into contact through the hypnotist’s [Nightmare]?"
Anna nodded her head.
The hypnotist’s exclusive skill, [Nightmare].
If you use that skill, you can create a 'dream' with a low probability cost and encounter a high-level being even if it's only for a moment.
"They told me not to mess with Washington."
"I need to hear more from the hypnotist. Where is she?"
"I called her, but even if you met her, it would be difficult to hear the details. Even if she did use [Nightmare], the other person was the symbol of a ' Demon King'. It was a difficult opponent for the current Christina. She couldn't sleep for two days right after waking up from the dream. She couldn't do anything, and for a while, she had a seizure every time she talked about it."
If it's that level of fear, there's a high possibility that it really is the symbol of a 'Demon King'.
If a symbol appeared directly as a warning, it means that this is an important area for the 'Demon King'.
"Maybe we should consider the worst."
"If it's the worst..."
Yoo Joonghyuk looked down without answering.
Yoo Mia, who was drawing on the floor, looked up at him as if asking what was going on.
Yoo Joonghyuk twitched one eyebrow and opened his mouth.
"Yoo Mia."
"Huh."
Yoo Joonghyuk looked at his younger sister's face for a long time.
Even now, after his repeated regressions had touched his heart, there was a very faint sense of warmth when he looked at his younger sister.
His only family given by this world.
When the disaster first began, Yoo Joonghyuk made a decision. He will protect this child at all costs. That is all the mission given to him.
There was definitely a time like that.
Afterwards, he lost Yoo Mia.
Lost her once, lost her twice, three times, four times, five times.
After screaming and crying at the sight of his sister's death for more than a dozen times, Yoo Joonghyuk arrived at one truth.
He cannot save his sister.
Until he ends this damn world with his own hands.
"Take this."
A pitch black circle was placed on Yoo Mia’s small palm.
Yoo Mia said.
"This is it. Have a good dream."
Yoo Joonghyuk did not answer, but Yoo Mia seemed to already know everything.
Yoo Mia looked at her brother silently and used a sad voice.
"I just need you to protect me."
"I will lose you."
Both the child and Yoo Joonghyuk knew. Yoo Joonghyuk will risk his life so that this child will never have to use this medicine.
Still, this medicine was necessary.
"When did I tell you to use it?"
"At the end of the end."
"When was that?"
"When all the people you mentioned are dead and there is no one to help me."
"And."
Yoo Mia lowered her head and muttered.
"I don’t like it. I won’t say anything."
Then, she ran towards where Lee Seolhwa was and hugged her.
As Lee Seolhwa consoled Yoo Mia in her arms, she bowed slightly towards Yoo Joonghyuk
Yoo Joonghyuk also nodded his head.
Anna, who had been watching the situation with her mouth shut, eventually said something.
"There’s no need to do that to a child, right?"
"…"
"Do you think you might fail?"
Yoo Joonghyuk looked up at the sky for a moment. If he is right, this round will be his last.
Since he will never get another chance, he must do his best more than ever before.
Nevertheless, a tragedy that exceeds his best can happen at any time.
Just as it has been the case for the past 40 rounds of his life.
Coo coo coo coo.
He could hear monsters moving in the distance.
Yoo Joonghyuk observed the movements of the demon species using a skill.
Devil species and their eggs are spread out in the city center.
It seems that they have already finished breeding, and the low-level demons born in real time have already formed a large army.
Yoo Joonghyuk asked, counting in his head the individuals with high combat power.
"What happened to other countries? You probably didn’t just contact us."
"We also contacted Japan, China and India."
India's Ranveer Khan.
China's Feihu.
Japan's Asuka Ren.
"Japan said that its own scenario was too daunting, and that it would consider China and India."
There are not many countries that can help other countries from the beginning.
They had to take into account the interests and losses of their own country's incarnations, and above all, the risk of recklessly interfering in another country's scenario was high.
Therefore, the judgment of those who did not come here was, in a sense, very wise.
"Shall we wait a little longer?"
Nevertheless, Yoo Joonghyuk came here.
"No."
The reason was simple.
"If more time passes like this, clearing the scenario will become impossible."
Once the Demon Realm decoration in Washington Dome progresses to a certain level, the entire American continent will soon begin to be decorated.
Once the American constellation dominated, it was only a matter of time before the entire Earth turned into a demon realm.
When that time comes, no one can stop it.
What happens on the streets of Washington will happen around the world.
Demons will overflow, and the Demon King will descend.
Then humanity will end.
<!>[The constellations of Nebula <Eden> are watching your choice.]
"I will stop it."
At the same time as Yoo Joonghyuk's declaration, the roar of a demon bell was heard from afar, as if it had read his will.
<!>[The demons of 'Washington East' recognize your presence.]
A message floating in the air. The contents of the seventh main scenario were displayed clearly.
+
<Main Scenario #7 – Demon World Invasion>
Category: Main
Difficulty: SS+
Clear conditions: Defeat the ruler of the 'Washington Dome' and liberate the 'Washington Dome'.
Timeout: —
Reward: Liberation of Washington East, 300,000 coins, ???
Failure: The fall of Washington.
+
<!>[You participated in this scenario as a 'mercenary'.]
<!>[When you clear this scenario, you can obtain the same rewards as existing participants.]
<!>[The 'Scenario Mercenary' achievement has been achieved.]
<!>[The army of the 'Demon Realm' is coming!]
Yoo Joonghyuk, who pulled out a spear from his back, gave an order.
"Everyone ready for battle."
Lee Hyunsung, Lee Jihye, and Kim Namwoon came to the front.
The apostles who had been searching the area from the rear also quickly formed a battle line.
"Dansu ahjussi, please take the rear. Sein and Yerin are at the front. The second apostle and I will cover in the middle."
Looking at Ye Hyunwoo’s control skills, it seemed like at least they wouldn’t be a hindrance.
After a while, behind the ruins of the buildings, demonic species appeared.
Most of them are 8th grade or 9th grade entities. What particularly stood out were the dozens of 7th grade demon species that took the lead.
'Dark Sentinels.'
Monsters that would have annihilated them in an instant if they were ordinary incarnations.
But those here now were not 'ordinary' incarnations.
"Lee Hyunsung."
At the same time as Yoo Joonghyuk's command, Lee Hyunsung shot out like a cannonball.
"Hwaaaaaap!"
Lee Hyunsung, who ran bravely, knocked down the leading Dark Sentinels all at once with [Pushing Mount Tai] and then crushed the ground in the area with [Breaking Mount Tai].
The screams of the demon species rang out through the thick dust.
Yoo Joonghyuk gave an order once again.
"Kim Namwoon. Lee Jihye."
Kim Namwoon burst into unpleasant laughter, swinging the daggers in both hands at random and moving across the battlefield.
"Tsk tsk tsk! Get rid of one tentacle bug!"
Kim Namwoon, who had taken out one of the Dark Sentinels in an instant, let out a strange laugh and accelerated his magic circuit.
The energy of [black flame] steadily radiated from the dual-wielding daggers.
Kim Namwoon roamed his battlefield wildly, running wild like a crazy clown.
"You idiot! Back!"
Lee Jihye assisted to fill Kim Namwoon's gaps with a chain of [Ghost Killing] and [Ghost Walking].
Kim Namwoon, who had already suffered stab wounds here and there, smiled brightly and shouted.
"You came to save me as expected!"
"Shut up!"
Shin Yoosoung, who was waiting in the back, also summoned Nagak troops to assist in the battle.
<!>['Nagak Cry' is activated.]
The Nagak wailing wave, which shot out like ultrasonic waves, struck the central ranks of the lower-level demon species.
As the demons, blood pouring from their ears, staggered and sat down, Kang Ilhoon took the opportunity and stepped forward.
"Come on, it’s time to go back to hell."
Kim Namwoon glared at Kang Ilhoon with an expression that asked, "What is that guy?"
Kang Ilhoon didn't care and fired the bowgun repeatedly.
Doo doo doo doo!
Archangel Jophiel's [503 units] contained in arrows.
Subsequently, the demon species touched by the arrows exploded into dust, completely destroying the leading ranks.
A force that wipes out a company of the devil species in an instant.
Anna Croft couldn't keep her mouth shut.
"Are you sure you have the incarnation of 'Jophiel'’with you?"
"Yes."
"He wasn’t there in the previous round—"
The main members of the Dome have not yet appeared. If the other side had the advantage in numbers anyway, it was best to push through quickly before the other side's troops could fully gather.
"Everyone get out of the way."
Magical power reminiscent of cold moonlight appeared around Yoo Joonghyuk of the 41st round.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Pacheon River Lv.10' is activated!]
Pacheon River, which had already reached level 10, cut the battlefield horizontally with his ferocious magic power, and the heads of the demon species flew through the air as if they had been cut off by an invisible guillotine.
A gap in the battlefield that occurred for a moment.
Yoo Joonghyuk did not miss the opportunity.
His thigh muscles, wriggling like a wild leopard, pushed the ground with explosive force, and the surrounding scenery was instantly pushed back.
Only Anna, who had the ability to fly, chased after Yoo Joonghyuk some distance away.
"It’s over there!"
The [Eyes of the Great Devil], which emitted bright light, read the near future. The path that the demon species was unable to defend was clearly visible before her eyes.
"Right! Next, turn left!"
How long did he run while cutting down the demon species like that? The Capitol building, occupying the center of the village, appeared in the distance.
The moment he discovered the Capitol building with a huge pond in the center, he instinctively realized the power of gravity.
Very disturbing and shady.
He knew it without anyone telling him.
The owner of this 'dome' is over there.
As Yoo Joonghyuk stepped forward without hesitation, air bubbles bubbled up from the center of the pond.
The head of a demon species with long hair slowly emerged.
The pressure that could be felt even just by looking at it was on a completely different level from that of the Dark Sentinel.
It was at least a noble-level demon species.
Without the slightest hesitation, Yoo Joonghyuk swung his spear and split the devil's head. However, there was no feeling of cutting.
Then, the demon species head scattered like a spray of water, and a demon species of the same shape appeared a few steps away.
The demon spoke first.
<!>[As I heard, you are a short-tempered guy. Are you 'Yoo Joonghyuk'?]
With an ominous smile, as if he knew he was coming.
<!>[Come in. 'The Demon King of Salvation' is waiting.]
