<title>700 Episode 25 Demon King (3)
I calmly examined Anna Croft's face. A lot of information could be obtained just by looking at her complexion.
Eyes that have lost some layer. Eye shadow that extends deep to the bottom of the eyes.
She probably hasn't been able to sleep well at night ever since the Washington incident began.
That's why she made this rash judgment now.
"What if I really am a subordinate of the 'Demon King of Salvation'?"
Anna Croft just paused in response to my question and gave no answer.
"Are you going to detonate a nuclear weapon right now? Are you willing to blow up the entire city of Las Vegas just to eliminate one member of your inner circle?"
"It was me who asked the question."
“Are you going to believe me if I tell you? Don’t you know that [Lie Detection] doesn’t work on me?"
"That’s your argument."
"Do you want to try it out?"
Anna Croft bit her lip instead of answering.
"Anna, you cannot detonate a nuclear weapon. You are the one who wants to protect 'Zarathustra'."
I doubt that the tactical nuke in question will work properly, but Anna Croft probably has no intention of using it in the first place.
If she does that, 'Zarathustra', whom she protects, will also disappear.
"Cheon Inho, what do you know about me—"
"Well, tell me. How full of a sense of duty you are, and why you want to erase all diseases from this world. So, what kind of 'end' do you dream of every day?"
<&>「"Please. You too, come with me to my 'end'."」
I remember what Kim Dokja once heard.
Eventually 'Anna Croft' will arrive at her own 'end'. It might be a brighter end than she thought, and it might not be out of this world either.
"How on earth did you—"
"I know quite a bit about you like this, don’t I?"
Anna Croft's countenance grew serious as the one dominating the conversation changed.
"Anna Croft. It doesn’t matter what my relationship with the 'Demon King of Salvation' is. What matters is that you are desperate right now, and I am the only one left to fight. If you leave it like this anyway, the American continent will be destroyed. Do you want to end this round as a failure?"
Anna Croft looked as if she had been bombed repeatedly. Normally she wouldn't have lost her composure after an attack like this.
But now she was very tired.
"What do you want, Cheon Inho?"
"It looks like we can communicate a little better now."
There were many things I was curious about.
What I wanted to ask most was the fate of Yoo Joonghyuk and his colleagues.
But that question was not appropriate here.
Anna even assured me that they were alive and I had problems to solve first before I could ask that question.
I organized my thoughts in my head.
Kim Dokja is not here right now.
However, if it were 'Kim Dokja', this is definitely how he would have started the conversation.
"Then let’s get straight to the point. Please stop. I know what you’re hiding."
"What do you mean suddenly?"
"No matter how difficult the scenario becomes, it makes no sense for you to be this incompetent."
I remember all of Han Sooyoung's description of 'Anna Croft'.
Although Anna got in trouble every time she ran into Kim Dokja, she only did it because it was Kim Dokja.
She is the embodiment of America's strongest, which even the regressor Yoo Joonghyuk was wary of. Fulfilling her own prophecy, she eventually deceived even the nebula and dreamed of a 'perfect end'.
There is no way for a character like that to struggle like this in only the seventh scenario.
"If you don’t want to come out, I’ll make you come out."
That is, unless there is a very deadly interference.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.10' is activated!]
"Anna Croft. You are currently under [Hypnotic Incite]."
With those words, Anna Croft's pupils shook.
"From now on, you will wake up from [Hypnotic Incite]—"
"No, wait! Wait!"
Anna Croft fell back in her chair with a loud thump of someone hitting her head.
Then, the air shook and a woman appeared from within a transparent cloak. 'Hermit’s Cloak'. It was a face I knew well.
"How did you know?"
After possessing a character in this world, a bad habit arose in me.
When a new person appears, use [Reader Comment List] first.
<!>[Check the reader’s profile information.]
+
ID: FantasyQueen90
Platform: Best Noble
Total number of comments: 80
Reader Level: 5
Number of completed readings: 1 time
+
+
*You can use coins to check the comments left by the reader.
*Currently, the number of comments that can be checked for free is 3.
+
When I got into the car heading to Las Vegas, I had already used the 'reader comment list' with Christina, so I knew.
That she is America's 'apostle'.
I slowly looked at the window that appeared before my eyes.
'Best Noble' is an unfamiliar name, so it seems to be an American platform.
Number of complete reads: 1 time.
"It’s strange not knowing. You made Anna Croft look like that. No Anna I know has that much poor judgment."
"..."
"If you brought me here, there must be a purpose. What is the reason?"
Christina Page.
She brought me here even after confirming the indirect message of the 'Demon King of Salvation' in Korea.
It was impossible to think that the Demon King of the Washington Dome was the real 'Demon King of Salvation'.
It would be no different from bringing the enemy's subordinate into her own base.
Still, she did it.
The answer is obvious.
"What is your relationship with the 'Demon King of Salvation'?"
She knows that the 'Demon King of Salvation' in the Washington Dome is a fake.
"Please answer me. Is the 'constellation' you serve really the 'Demon King of Salvation'?"
Not a 'Demon King' but a 'constellation'.
I met her eyes again.
The moment I saw her deeply sparkling eyes, I realized what she was expecting.
I slowly got up from my seat, walked over to the window, and opened the curtain that Anna had closed.
The darkness descended faintly. Stars were twinkling in the distant night sky.
I quietly looked up at a star shining there.
"Then what are you going to do?"
How long has it been since then?
Slowly I turned my head and saw Christina on her knees.
"Please."
A broken expression, letting go of everything that had been held in for so long.
"Washington again... Please save our Zarathustra."
***
I installed several safety devices, including [sound wave blocking 1], to prevent other constellations from hearing the story.
<!>[Some constellations are suddenly complaining that they can't see you.]
Fortunately, Anna was also very strict with security, so the constellations didn't seem to hear our story at all.
"First, let’s release the [daily invoice] you placed and then talk about it."
Christina wiped away her tears and canceled [Daily Invoice].
<!>[Your soul returns to its original body.]
The senses of my body were regained for the first time in a while.
Right. This was what it felt like to be alive.
After taking a deep breath, I sat down on the sofa and asked Christina.
"What on earth happened in America?"
Calming down a little, Christina placed the fallen Anna Croft on her lap and began to talk slowly.
After hearing the story, I finished my judgment while controlling my emotions as much as possible.
"To conclude, are you saying that the Demon King who appeared in 'Washington Dome' is not the 'Demon King of Salvation'?"
"Yes."
"What about the symbol of the 'Demon King of Salvation' that you saw?"
"It is true that I saw the symbol of a high-ranking demon species. But he is not a real 'Demon King'. I knew it right away the moment I saw him in person."
I guessed that might be the case.
No matter how much she met the Demon King through the [Nightmare] skill, Christina was still too fine to say she had faced a real Demon King.
If they weren’t Yoo Joonghyuk or Kim Dokja, it would be natural for an ordinary incarnation to go crazy.
"Then why does Anna think that Demon King is the 'Demon King of Salvation'?"
"Because I said so."
"Why did you lie like that?"
"That..."
"And according to Anna’s story, the people in the Washington Dome also mentioned the 'Demon King of Salvation'."
Christina bit her chapped lip. She rolled her eyes back and forth as if she was looking at me, and it seemed like she had decided that there was no answer other than to be honest.
She said, "I need a little explanation to tell that story."
"Say it as briefly as possible."
"I didn’t intend for things to turn out like this from the beginning. I had no intention of ruining the scenario this much."
Christina protested.
Hearing her speak, it seemed to me that Christina had not made the situation worse through malice.
And it was the same for other American apostles.
<&>「"In times like this, you have to catch bugs. Everyone, look for bugs."」
<&>「"Protect your children first. If we fight together, we can kill even the monster species!"」
<&>「"We must not fight each other! We must all solve the scenario together!"」
The initial situation in the United States was not that different from Korea.
The problem started right after the first scenario ended.
<&>「"Now… what should I do next?"」
American readers had little advantage from the start.
There was no guarantee that the American scenario would be the same as the Korean one, and even if it were the same, it would have been difficult to take advantage of the geographical advantage.
Even communication between the apostles was not smooth due to translation issues.
In such a situation, there was only one way the apostles chose to survive.
<&>「"We must find Anna Croft."」
They eventually found Anna Croft and rallied around her.
After they met the main character, Anna, they thought maybe they could survive.
That was until they found out the identity of this world.
<&>「"Oh my god, I don’t think 'Kim Dokja' is here."」
The point is that this world is not 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint'.
This world is the 41st round of 'Ways of Survival'.
It was a world where 'Kim Dokja' could never exist.
The apostles were overcome with great despair. Some began to believe in the apocalypse, while others let go of the scenario or ended their lives, saying they were destined to die anyway.
In the meantime, Christina and a few apostles fought steadfastly to help Anna Croft.
They cleared the second, third, and fourth scenarios with amazing results.
And they got some items as a reward.
"Disaster option."
They were given the opportunity to choose the 'disaster' that would come to them in the fifth scenario.
Normally, it would have been better to choose 'Kronos' there.
Because the disaster of Kronos was a disaster they were familiar with.
But then someone had an idea.
Couldn’t the 'disaster' here summon someone they know?
"Wait a minute, no way."
Just as Disaster of Floods Shin Yoosoung did, some 'disasters' come from beyond this world line.
Then.
Christina lowered her head as if she had been shamed.
"Yes. We asked to summon the 'Demon King of Salvation' as the 'Disaster'."
