<title>703 Episode 25 Demon King (6)
A black beast looking down on Washington City with vague eyes.
Other people might not have noticed, but I couldn't not recognize that guy.
Without a doubt, that guy is Yoo Jonghyuk.
<!>[Check the 'new sub-scenario'.]
+
<Sub Scenario – Beast Hunting>
Category: Sub
Difficulty: ???
Clear conditions: Defeat the 'black beast' that rules Washington City.
Time Limit: —
Reward: narrative grade story, 300,000 coins, S grade skill selection, ???
Failure: —
+
What on earth is going on?
Clearly, what I had come to exorcise was the 'ruler of the Washington Dome'. But why did a scenario to exorcise Yoo Jonghyuk suddenly arrive?
'Constellation-nim?'
But Kim Dokja had no answer.
Instead, I heard a faint voice in my head.
—Constellation. So, how did this happen...
A voice of non-formality.
Meanwhile, Kim Dokja seemed to be questioning Bihyung about the scenario.
—This wasn't our intention... It's true that we sold the constellation's modifier, but…
It seems that this scenario was not Bihyung's intention.
Anyway, the situation was bad.
Slowly, the eyes of the incarnations were changing.
"Hey. Did you check the reward?"
"Uh."
"If I do this well, I will make a fortune."
The incarnations that were initially afraid of the black beast were returning to the vicinity of the Capitol one by one.
300,000 coins and a fable grade story.
Plus, you can even select S grade skills.
It was a reward that could never be received in an ordinary 'sub-scenario'.
—Youngest. From now on, listen to me carefully.
Kim Dokja returned just in time and spoke to me.
—That bastard has now activated two 'Story Imprints'.
'What exactly is a story imprint?'
Since 'engraving a tale' was a setting that did not appear in 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint,' I calmly listened to Kim Dokja’s explanation.
According to Kim Dokja's words, there were a total of three 'Story Imprints' engraved on Yoo Jonghyuk's body.
<&>「Redemption of truth」
<&>「Restraint of Emotions」
<&>「Redemption of Life」
—'Redemption of Truth' is a power that can be used at the cost of some of the memories of the past. Ordinary people would turn into idiots if they abused it, but for that guy who still has memories, it's not a big burden.
I had also heard about the first story imprint from Anna Croft.
Yoo Jonghyuk, who activated that imprint, slaughtered four  viscount-level demons at once.
The problem was the second story imprint.
—'Emotional restraint' is the imprint of paying a price for one's emotions. If you use that imprint, you will gradually lose your identity as a human being. As if it were…
'It means becoming an animal.'
—Yes.
Could it be that that's why Yoo Jonghyuk turned into a beast?
—But usually, using 'emotional restraint' does not lead to 'beastization' to that extent. At most, your arms or legs will turn into a beast. But that bastard has now become a complete beast, and his physical level has risen several levels.
'I think I just found a clue.'
Small sparkling debris on the floor near the Capitol.
—Catch it! Hurry!
I walked quickly and bent down to catch the fragments.
<!>[A very small 'Kim Dokja Fragment' was obtained.]
<!>[The fragment is too small to be recognized as 'loss'.]
<!>[Legendary story 'Heir to the Eternal Name' looks dissatisfied and eats the fragment.]
<!>[Your lifespan increases.]
<!>[5 minute time limit has been added.]
Although it is slight, lifespan has increased.
And.
<&>「…」
A story began to be told.
It was the story of a demon.
A demon who was born as a guardian of darkness and evolved by collecting 'Fragments of Kim Dokja'. A memory of a being who just wanted to escape from being an extra.
"You’ll die here."
<&>「[Incarnation 'Yoo Jonghyuk' activates 'Binding of Truth'!]」
Yoo Jonghyuk in the 41st round was surprisingly strong.
A level of combat power equivalent to that of a 'marquis-level demon'. The two, who had engaged in over 100 exchanges in an instant, caught their breath and explored each other's gaps.
Scratch, tear, cut, stab.
As the wounds on his entire body increased, the demon shrank little by little.
He thought he was strong enough.
He killed and ate many humans, took their power.
But what on earth is this 'human'?
<&>「"After all, just one engraving is enough. It wasn’t the power to use here, but…"」
As Yoo Jonghyuk muttered that, his whole body was covered in pitch-black light.
<&>「[Incarnation 'Yoo Jonghyuk' activates 'Emotional Restraint'!]」
Finally, Yoo Jonghyuk's second story imprint was activated.
Yoo Jonghyuk's entire body began to be covered with black fur. His chest and thighs swelled, veins protruded, and his rough muscles twitched.
After that, the demon's memory was partially damaged. A scene where something pitch-black is running. A scene where the body is cut, torn, and eaten.
Only emotions stained with fear and horror were concentrated in the fragments.
<&>「The demon had bad luck. Because the person he met was the 'king'.」
The torn apart demon stretched out his hands with all his might, as if begging for his life. It was something he had learned from the countless people he had killed.
<&>「The demon was lucky. Because the last person he met was 'Yoo Jonghyuk'.」
If it were an ordinary Yoo Jonghyuk, he would not have held the demon's hand.
However, at that moment, Yoo Jonghyuk had activated two 'Story Imprints'.
Part of his memory was controlled due to the 'Restraint of Truth', and part of his reason was paralyzed due to the 'Restraint of Emotions'.
Yoo Jonghyuk, who had only instinct left, stretched out his hand as if possessed the moment he saw the shining fragment at the demon's fingertips.
<&>「Fragment of Kim Dokja.」
Yoo Jonghyuk's hand touched the fragment, and Yoo Jonghyuk's eyes became blurred.
As his soul wavered, a gap appeared in [Sage's Eyes] and his [Mental Barrier] was disturbed.
The demon did not miss his last chance.
<&>「The demon finally got a chance to become the main character of this story.」
Goosebumps ran down my spine.
I reflexively muttered to Yoo Jonghyuk, who was standing above the Capitol.
"Yoo Jonghyuk?"
Then the black beast looked down at me. It wasn't a look that recognized me.
"Demon."
A black beast left with only deep distrust and hatred towards the world.
The beast let out a long roar at Washington.
Several incarnations fainted and fell to the ground at the howling that seemed to shake their souls.
However, there were also some who were more motivated.
"Kill him! We'll have the reward!"
The first to step forward was a group of incarnations from the Middle East.
Wearing old combat uniforms and caps, they immediately grabbed their guns and started firing.
"Shoot!"
As magic bullets reminiscent of [Gangmashi] formed a fire net, the entire Capitol was soon filled with pale dust.
"Wait a minute! Stop! Stop!"
I shouted as I ran toward them. Of course, it wasn't Yoo Jonghyuk that I was worried about.
"Kwaaaaaak."
Blood splashing through the pale dust. The incarnations with only their lower bodies remaining collapsed like dolls.
—Fuck, youngest.
'The demon is now in Yoo Jonghyuk, right?'
—Yes.
'Do I need an exorcism?'
—The Vatican guys didn’t come. And any exorcist can’t do. That demon is also at the 'Marquis' level.
'Are you sure?'
—You have to remove the Story Imprint first.
So, the moment I asked how to do that.
<!>[There are special clear conditions in this 'sub-scenario'.]
A scenario message appeared before my eyes.
+
1. In order to exterminate the ‘black beast’, you must remove the 'eight fragments' stuck on the beast’s back.
2. You can receive great rewards when you consecrate the successfully removed fragments to the nebula.
+
It was obvious what the eight fragments that sprouted from Yoo Jonghyuk's back were.
'Fragment of Kim Dokja.'
I remembered the 4th grade Earth Dragon, who possessed abnormal strength.
The Earth Dragon, which absorbed only one fragment, was also '4th grade', so how strong is Yoo Jonghyuk, who absorbed eight?
At that moment, the beast's golden eyes turned in this direction.
To be precise, he was not looking at me, but at the woman next to me.
<&>「The demon felt an unknown killing intent.」
It was almost simultaneously that I looked back at her and the beast disappeared.
That 'black beast' had its reason removed and only instinct remained.
"Anna!"
And right now, the person next to me was Yoo Jonghyuk's most hated enemy.
In an instant, the beast's front paw lunged right in front of her, aiming for Anna's head. The moment Anna, with her eyes wide open, took a step back, the king's guardian who had been waiting behind her moved.
"Goddess!"
The 'Shield of Aegis' was summoned from the back of Selena Kim’s hand.
In the 3rd round, Selena Kim received the blessings of the goddess Athena.
Perhaps she received her sacred relic as a gift this time too.
Quaaaaaaaaa!
The 'Shield of Aegis' collided with Yoo Jonghyuk’s front foot.
A relic of a legendary constellation.
And Selena Kim, who uses holy relics, was a powerhouse in the '100 strongest people in Ways of Survival' as time passed.
She couldn't withstand the single blow and fell dozens of meters.
Selena Kim exclaimed, standing up unsteadily as if one of her knees had been broken.
"Anna, run…!"
"Stand back, Prophet!"
The one who ran bravely after her was Elliot Haston, the incarnation of Lancelot.
Eliot drew his sword, scattering pure white light, and galloped away on his own horse, Griffith.
I also saw a dozen knights following him.
"Constellations of the Round Table!"
<!>[At the request of incarnation 'Elliot Haston', 'Round Table Justice' is activated!]
<!>[The 'Round Table Council' is convened.]
Round Table Council.
I asked with wide eyes.
'Constellation-nim, is that—'
—Wow, this is my first time seeing that too.
Just like the 'Judge of Destruction' activates [Time of Judgment] with the consent of constellations from the 'Absolute Good', the 'Knights of the Round Table' can activate [Justice of the Round Table] with the consent of the 'Round Table Council'.
<!>['Round Table Council' agrees to activate the skill.]
<!>[The incarnation 'Elliot Haston' activates 'Round Table Justice'!]
The spirit of the great round table surged from Elliot Haston's entire body.
As if responding to their spirit, a dazzling brilliance flowed from the knights’ bodies.
"Kill the monster!"
The knights in a wedge formation fiercely charged towards Yoo Jonghyuk. For a moment, I thought that it might be able to cause damage.
And explosive magical power surged from the black beast's whole body. The magic power contained in the beast's paws soon poured towards the knights like a cannonball.
<!>[Pacheonbongkwon.]
Screams and moans coming from everywhere.
As the thick dust cleared, the horrors of the battlefield were fully revealed. Throughout the Capitol, knights with torn limbs were hanging out like dolls.
It was messy.
"Uh, how—"
Elliot also had a small hole in his stomach and was vomiting blood.
Even the powerful Knights of the Round Table could not subdue Yoo Jonghyuk.
In my head, I heard the sound of Kim Dokja clicking his tongue.
—You can’t beat that one. It's better to just withdraw. The current Yoo Jonghyuk cannot be stopped even by Fei Hu and Ranbir Khan.
When Kim Dokja said that, a faint feeling of guilt came over me.
Because I felt like maybe all of this was because of me.
<&>「"Stop it."」
Perhaps Yoo Jonghyuk knew that he would end up like that, and that's why he tried to take me with him.
<&>「"I don’t really know why, but when I receive that memory, I stop acting."」
I bit my lip.
'There is still a way.'
The reason Yoo Jonghyuk's mind was shaken was because of the memory of the 'Kim Dokja fragment'.
So what if I shake his head vigorously again?
So to speak, if you get hit in the back of the head with a very powerful memory.
'Constellation-nim. Possess me again.'
Unfortunately, it was something I couldn't do on my own.
—No.
'Why?'
—The cooldown hasn’t started. And there aren't enough coins to pay for the probability.
'I’ll pay for the coins. How much cooldown time is left?'
—10 minutes.
My mind felt dizzy.
In 10 minutes, it would not be surprising if the entire Washington area was devastated and all incarnations here were annihilated.
I looked back at Anna.
There is no choice. From here, we have no choice but to withdraw and look for another opportunity—
"Cheon Inho."
But Anna’s eyes looked strange. She was spinning with an ominous glow in her eyes. Sparks bouncing wildly.
I realized what was happening.
"Can you see the future?"
"He’s coming."
Anna's voice was embarrassed.
Before I could ask who was coming, I saw a portal swirling in the distance.
Haven't all the incarnations that were worthy of coming have already come?
In any case, no matter what incarnation came here, they would just die.
Even if Fei Hu and Ranbir Khan come, the situation will not change even if someone comes to a situation that cannot be stopped.
Eventually, what appeared beyond the portal was the front paw of a huge animal.
Coo coo coo coo.
Incarnations riding on monsters resembling elephants.
Are they Indian incarnations? Could it be that Ranbir Khan has come?
The sound of laughter coming from somewhere.
The moment I saw incarnations occupying the center of the line, something suddenly popped into my head.
"Hahaha! Yoo Jonghyuk! I’m here!"
Why had I forgotten his existence?
I remembered the 'seventh scenario' from the 3rd round.
In the original third round, Seoul was occupied by a religious denomination.
But this time, I didn't hear any particular news, so I wondered if the 'church' had disappeared as the scenario changed.
It was a complacent thought.
—Oh, maybe.
He was the only incarnation who defeated the 'King' in the 3rd round.
A beautiful man with his arms wide open like a lotus flower in full bloom spoke to Yoo Jonghyuk.
"You look great, Yoo Jonghyuk."
The leader of the Salvation Cult, Nirvana Moebius, has arrived in Washington.
"But why are you becoming one with a being other than myself?"
Perhaps a little angry.
