<title>704 Episode 25 Demon King (7)
Nirvana Moebius.
A 'reincarnator' with the constellation 'Guardian of Mandala' as his sponsor.
Like Anna Croft, they are a being who can preserve a certain amount of memory by resisting Yoo Jonghyuk’s [regression].
They are the leader of the Salvation Church and was the 'counter' of Yoo Jonghyuk in the 3rd round.
"Only live in the present!"
They stomped their feet as the elephant bells thumped, accompanied by the cries of the Salvationists.
"There is no salvation in the afterlife!"
"What’s important is now!"
"What must be liberated is 'today'!"
As the ground vibrated like a giant drum, the incarnations of the area shook loudly.
"W-what is it?"
"Salvation Church? Dammit, they came?"
Some of the incarnations were already aware of their existence, as some of them were preparing to withdraw the moment they saw the elephant monster.
"I’m falling for it. I shouldn’t get involved with those crazy people."
However, there were still some incarnations who remained and watched.
Those who do not yet know much about the Salvation Church or are confident in their own abilities.
"Nirvana, the leader of the Salvation Church."
"Oh, prophet?"
As Nirvana waved theirhand happily, Anna Croft frowned and averted her gaze.
Nirvana slowly approached us and opened theirmouth.
"Why did my Yoo Jonghyuk end up like that? Was it your fault?"
"The King is not yours."
"Answer me. What is that demon king who is entangled with my Yoo Jonghyuk?"
"It’s none of your business."
"If I don’t care, who would care?"
Nirvana declared, spreading their arms wide.
"The relationship between me and Yoo Jonghyuk is connected by the wheel of eternity. You know because you secretly stole our story."
Anna Croft turned away from Nirvana and glanced towards me.
—Cheon Inho. You never met Nirvana in the last round, right?
It was [electric sound].
This is probably because she was wary of the existence of Nirvana.
It wasn't strange.
In this world, the only incarnations that know of Yoo Jonghyuk's [regressions] from the beginning are Anna Croft, who can use [Future Sight], and the reincarnated Nirvana.
Therefore, the prophet and the reincarnator have no choice but to be endlessly wary of each other over Yoo Jonghyuk.
"Why are you making such a fuss?"
In an instant, Nirvana came right in front of her and suddenly stuck out their head.
Also a reincarnator. Did they  notice even the use of [electric sound]?
The guy glared at Anna and craned their long neck to ask.
"Who is this guy? Prophet, is this your new toy?"
My face was captured in the guy's eyes that were shining with pure white light.
"Why are you closing your eyes? Are you saying you don’t dare look at me?"
The moment I was about to reply that I had been watching, their right arm moved directly towards my forehead.
<!>[Relationship story.]
I also knew that skill. A skill to read the other person's memories by weaving the bonds of stories with the power of the mandala.
But someone blocked their movements.
Quaaaaaaaaa!
Yoo Jonghyuk's fist flew in an instant and exploded into the guy's face.
Nirvana, who had rolled dozens of times against their will, shouted while holding one side of their face.
"Kaaaa! What are you doing, Yoo Joonghyuk!"
A blow that would have exploded the head of a normal incarnation.
However, in this round, Nirvana appears to have steadily increased his stamina and did not die even after being hit by Yoo Jonghyuk, who had become a beast.
Nirvana, with black bruises on their face, cried out again as if they were aggrieved.
"Yoo Joonghyuk!"
Of course, Yoo Jonghyuk, unable to communicate, just growled and cried.
"Where on earth are you looking? Look at me in front of you!"
Enraged, Nirvana's hands began to move brilliantly.
This guy's patented technology was activated.
<!>[The incarnation 'Nirvana Moebius' activates 'Thousand-Armed Guanyin Lv.8'!]
A dazzlingly rotating mandala settled behind the creature, and soon a thousand arms poured out like a waterfall around the mandala.
"Look at me! Me! Look at me!"
As the palms of Thousand-Armed Avalokitesvara poured out and hit Yoo Jonghyuk’s head repeatedly, the beast's body began to sink to the ground little by little.
"Oh, that’s—"
"Is there also the leader of the Salvation Church?"
"We too are joining!"
I don't know how strong Nirvana will be when they grow up to the later scenarios.
In the main story, while fighting against Kim Dokja, Nirvana was absorbed by the [Fourth Wall] and became a librarian at the library.
But this world's Nirvana will never be absorbed by the [Fourth Wall].
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is glaring at incarnation 'Nirvana Moebius'.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' twitches his lips, saying that this incarnation is arrogant.]
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is concerned about your safety.]
A [reincarnator] that does not die even if they die.
<!>[Thousand-Armed Avalokitesvara that overwhelms even Yoo Jonghyuk, who used Giant Flower.]
In addition, there are mental abilities including [100 Torments] and [Eternal Nightmare].
Even Yoo Jonghyuk, no matter how much of a beast he has become, might not be able to deal with the current Nirvana.
"W-what!"
I thought so.
"He’s coming up!"
Yoo Jonghyuk, who had been nailed to the ground by the blow of [Thousand-handed Avalokitesvara], began to stick his head out of the hole little by little.
Quad deud deuk!
A spear was held in the hands of Yoo Jonghyuk, who finally stuck his head out, pushing up his body with his paws, little by little.
Nirvana's eyes widened.
"Yoo Jong—"
Yoo Jonghyuk has lost his reason and only his instincts remain. Nevertheless, he was still a disciple of Breaking the Sky swordsman.
I don't know about other people, but only Kim Dokja and I could recognize the skill.
<!>[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship.]
A sword technique created to tear apart the constellations of this world.
The swordsmanship extended into the sky.
"Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck—!"
Nirvana's [Thousand-Armed Avalokitesvara] was torn apart by a blow that felt like a black lightning strike.
The power that comes from pure differences in 'level'.
The sky made of palms shattered, and the beast holding the spear let out a harsh cry toward the sky.
Nirvana, spilling his blood, rolled around on the floor with half of their upper body blown away.
I was almost daunted by the incredible scenery.
'Shall we run away?'
Does it make sense that that is just an incarnation of the 'seventh scenario'?
Tsutsutsutsutsu.
Sparks of probability began to rush through Yoo Jonghyuk’s whole body.
But no matter how much he becomes the prey of a 'sub-scenario', the strength that exceeds the probability limit of the scenario cannot be sustained for a long period of time. If things continue like this, it won't be long before Yoo Jonghyuk’s whole body is burned by the aftermath.
—Well.
But Kim Dokja didn't seem to think so.
—The balance of probabilities is not only determined through aftermath.
Before I could ask what that meant, Nirvana, who was thought to be dead, suddenly stood up.
<!>[The incarnation 'Nirvana Moebius' activates 'Possession Lv.4'!.]
After all, a reincarnator is a reincarnator.
In an instant, Nirvana's upper body, engulfed in lotus, began to regenerate rapidly.
By reviving part of their own story, their physical defects were restored.
Nearby, incarnations staggered and crawled towards Nirvana. They were the 'Salvationists' who followed them.
"Sect leader, I offer you my story."
"My story..."
Salvationists who suffered from [thought infection] volunteered to become sacrifices for the recovery of Nirvana.
Nirvana, lightly holding their hands, nodded his head.
"I will remember your story."
That was the identity of the Salvation Church.
All believers are merely pawns to complete the 'ultimate story' pursued by Nirvana.
Nirvana, having regained their strength, took a deep breath and opened their mouth.
"You are really strong in this round. It will be more rewarding to become one."
"..."
"I'm already looking forward to seeing what amazing stories you've built up... Wait a minute! Aren't I speaking to you! Kaaaaaaah!"
I asked Kim Dokja as I saw Nirvana starting to get beaten up as soon as they recovered.
'How much time is left now? They won't be able to last much longer.'
—5 minutes.
Nirvana, who was blocking Yoo Jonghyuk’s attack by spreading the palm of the Thousand-Armed Avalokitesvara, shouted.
"Prophet! What are you doing? Help me quickly!"
"How can I help you?"
"I, become one with Yoo Jonghyuk— keaaaaaa!"
"Even if I die, I won’t become one with you!"
"Actually, I have no desire to become one with you!"
Nirvana, who had been hit dozens more times in that short period of time, said as their blood flowed.
"I don’t think that’s possible. I don’t want to further damage the body that will become one with me."
"Wait a minute! Nirvana, you—"
At the same time, the dark power of the story flowed from Nirvana's whole body.
—Looks like that bastard will end up using it.
Kim Dokja already seemed to know what technique he would use.
Of course, so did I and Anna Croft.
"Cheon Inho. We must stop it. The reincarnator will use [Eternal Nightmare]."
<!>[Eternal Nightmare.]
In the 3rd round in Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint, Yoo Jonghyuk fell victim to that technique.
"Right now, Yoo Jonghyuk has activated two story imprints and is in a state of insanity. In such a situation, if he were to receive that stigmata—"
"He’ll go crazy."
"I know. If we don’t stop it now—"
But even before we could move, Nirvana’s skill was already activated.
"Yoo Jonghyuk. I don’t know why you looked like that."
The nightmare of eons resided in the white-stained fingertips of this guy.
"It doesn’t matter what you look like now. I can be anything. Man, woman, animal, monster! Only I can understand your eternity!"
Nirvana's hand stretched out like a sword and touched Yoo Jonghyuk’s forehead.
"So you too will understand me."
And like magic, Yoo Jonghyuk’s movements stopped.
Nirvana became proud and burst into laughter.
"Hahahaha! Yoo Jonghyuk! Finally—"
Slowly, Yoo Jonghyuk’s eyes turned towards Nirvana.
"Yoo Jong—"
With a fluttering sound, one of Nirvana's arms flew through the air.
"Uh?"
The moment Nirvana made a stupid expression, their other arm also flew in the air.
"Kaaaaaaak!"
The pain came late. Nirvana, whose arms were torn off in an instant, let out a desperate scream.
Anna Croft, shocked, staggered back.
I said, sighing inwardly.
'As expected, it doesn't work for the current Yoo Jonghyuk.'
—Yes.
<!>[Eternal Nightmare is a technique that brings up the opponent's most terrible memories and traps them in those memories.]
But what if the 'opponent' is a beast with only instinct left?
"Oh, how!"
For example, if your mind has become so stupid that you cannot recall any memories.
"Yoo Jonghyuk! Come to your senses! Your present—"
Nirvana's left leg was crushed with a loud sound.
"Kaaaaaaak!"
A spark of probability flew once again. An ecstatic Nirvana crawled on the floor on their haunches.
The black beast trampled on Nirvana's body and slowly looked around him.
King.
The man who suited that nickname better than anyone else cried out to the world.
And with that one howl, all the incarnations here realized.
<!>[All incarnations of the 'Washington Dome' are terrified.]
No volcano in the world can call itself 'king' in front of that monster.
<!>[The scales of probability are moving.]
As long as it is 'incarnation'.
—Youngest.
I nodded.
Even though Yoo Jonghyuk is showing off such a powerful personality, the probability of the <Star Stream> did not stop him.
That said, the probability of this scenario is—
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Incitement Lv.10' is activated.]
It means allowing the emergence of a strong person to stop that 'overlord'.
<!>[The third stage of 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' is activated.]
Now it was the 'Demon king’s' turn to step forward.
