<title>711 Episode 26 Star Ladder (7)
A space painted in neutral colors.
There was a white board with a boring design hanging there.
Kim Dokja Company
Lee Gilyoung stared at the writing on the board.
On the board, traces of various people's handwriting remained as they had been written and erased.
When Han Sooyoung first wrote these words, Lee Jihye asked:
She said, "But wasn’t our company disbanded?"
Han Sooyoung, who heard those words, muttered, "That makes a lot of sense," and corrected the handwriting.
<Han Sooyoung Company, formerly Kim Dokja Company>
Then Lee Seolhwa tilted her head.
"Wasn’t it Han Sooyoung Corporation?"
Han Sooyoung tilted her head and asked, "Did I lose that memory the last time I created an [Avatar]?"
While she was muttering this, each member of the group holding a pen wrote different words on the board.
<Company looking for Kim Dokja ahjussi>
<Kim Dokja Therapy Company>
<Kim Dokja Collection Company>
<Kim Dokja ★ Company>
<Kim Dokja Lee Gilyoung Company>
Someone laughed and someone else corrected what someone wrote.
As they erased and erased it again and again, the white board became dirty, like melted snow.
<&>「"Jonghyuk-ssi, is there anything on your mind?"」
Yoo Jonghyuk glared pitifully at his companions as if he had no intention of getting involved and only looked out the window.
They wrote and erased it dozens of times.
Kim Dokja Company
In the end, those  are the only words left to them. Those   were the only words they were allowed to write.
Lee Gilyoung reached out to the blank space between 'Kim Dokja' and 'Company'. A blank space where only traces of what people wrote and erased countless times remain.
"Shin Yoosoung. Should we not have done anything?"
Shin Yoosoung did not respond and just like Lee Gilyoung, she stared blankly at the blank space between 'Kim Dokja' and 'Company'.
In that blank space was the history of their lives.
This was the 41st time she crossed the world lines to find Kim Dokja.
There, she met a new 'Kim Dokja'. 
Interfering with the world line to change the story of the 41st round.
And...
Lee Seol-hwa stuck her head out through the wide open door. Yoo Sangah, who looked a little tired, was also there.
Lee Gilyoung suddenly stood up and asked.
"Sisters. How did it go?"
"What about Sooyoung?"
It's already been a week since they lost connection with the 41st round.
It was only a week, but they had no idea how long a week here would be over there.
"Certainly not, right?"
Unlike them, Han Sooyoung did not go through the 'Story Connector' created by Lee Seolhwa, but directly infiltrated the '41st round'.
There, she used enormous probability and opened up the story, and as a result, saved Lee Hakhyun, the 49% Kim Dokja.
And.
"Sooyoung was in an avatar."
Han Sooyoung's avatar rescued Lee Hakhyun and disappeared.
"Even if the avatar dies, it’s okay as long as her main body doesn’t die."
Among her group, Han Sooyoung is the only one who can change [Avatars] freely.
She is a person who understands 'Ways of Survival' and this world better than anyone else.
Han Sooyoung left her own body here just in case.
Even if something unpleasant happens in the 41st round, she will be able to regain consciousness here.
But why?
"Why isn’t she waking up?"
After the 41st round’s 'Absolute Throne' scenario ended, Han Sooyoung did not wake up.
At first, they thought she might be secretly moving around using an [avatar] somewhere.
But even after a day, two days, and a week, Han Sooyoung did not wake up.
More precisely,
"Why can’t I feel anything from Sooyoung?"
They didn’t feel her story.
What that meant was clear.
In the <Star Stream>, existence is a 'story'.
But her story stopped—
"She’ll be alive."
Yoo Sangah said.
"She must be alive. You know what kind of person Sooyoung is."
What kind of person is Han Sooyoung?
Neither Shin Yoosoung nor Lee Gilyoung could easily answer that question anymore.
They’re not sure if the Kim Dokja they knew was really Kim Dokja.
What were they looking at in Kim Dokja? Did they look after each other properly?
"What about the black one?"
To make matters worse, Yoo Jonghyuk also lost contact. As expected, the last contact was immediately after the 'Absolute Throne' scenario.
It's time for him to come back, but why is there no contact at all?
<!>[The 'Story Connector' responds to the flood of probability!]
The companions simultaneously raised their heads at the sudden message.
<!>[An extra probability has arisen in the world line!]
Extra probability. They knew what that meant without anyone explaining it to them.
"I want to connect."
They didn't know why, but a margin of 'probability' has emerged in the world.
In other words, now it is possible to interfere in the 41st round with minimal cost.
"I told you I was going this time."
Shin Yoosoung radiated her murderous spirit towards Lee Gilyoung, who growled.
Yoo Sangah said, trying to dissuade the two children who seemed ready to fight.
"I’ll go."
"Not noona! We have to keep  noona here."
"No, I just have to go and summon the bugs! Just wipe out the constellations or whatever—"
It was Lee Seolhwa who interrupted their conversation.
"Someone is already using probability."
That couldn't have been possible.
The flood of probability has just occurred, so who on earth is already using probability?
The group looked at each other at the same time.
The first to open her mouth was Yoo Sangah.
"An analogy. Show me the area where the probability flooding occurred."
A sound was heard from somewhere, and a moment later a screen appeared.
"Sooty bastard!"
Beyond the screen, there was Yoo Jonghyuk confronting the constellations.
***
Immediately after failing to conquer the Void Curtain, Yoo Jonghyuk hid in the nearby and bided his time.
There were hunting dogs who chased him for interfering with the world line, but fortunately he had one useful companion.
—Damn it! You guy, you brought me here to take care of this mess.
A man named 'Jaehwan' brought from the ≪Phantom Tree≫ worldview.
Yoo Jonghyuk, who entrusted the 'hounds chasing the abyss' to him, hid his existence with the minimum probability and waited for an opportunity.
Normally, he would not have continued to wait so inefficiently.
But this time things were a little special.
'Han Sooyoung!'
Immediately after Han Sooyoung disappeared, something broke through the void curtain and entered the 41st round.
Yoo Jonghyuk immediately recognized what it was.
'Kim Dokja.'
It was definitely Kim Dokja.
At least a very large part of Kim Dokja that he remembered.
So Yoo Jonghyuk waited.
He doesn't know why, but Kim Dokja appeared right after Han Sooyoung disappeared.
If it is really clear that 'Kim Dokja' is beyond that ‘Void Curtain’.
If that 'Kim Dokja' is really the Kim Dokja he remembered,
"That guy will definitely distort 'probability' at least once."
Yoo Jonghyuk believed it and waited.
He waited and waited, enduring the shattering of his stories and the wear and tear of his memories.
And.
<!>[The great tale 'Ginnungagap' begins its storytelling.]
Finally the signal came.
Yoo Jonghyuk, who was behind the moon, immediately checked the state of the Earth for the 41st round.
The Earth was covered with a void veil, so it was impossible to see inside.
But it was possible to know what was happening.
The giant tale 'Ginnungagap'.
If the grand narrative of <Asgard> was moving at this point, it was definitely related to Kim Dokja.
Because it couldn't have happened without him doing something strange.
<!>[The scales of probability have tipped!]
<!>[Additional probability abound!]
Yoo Jonghyuk ran across space. The explosive narrative accelerated his entire body. This would have been impossible under normal circumstances. Because there was no probability allowed for him anymore.
But this 'scenario' was different.
<!>[In this scenario, the 'balance of probability' rule is in effect.]
In this scenario, someone can intervene as long as they tip the scales first.
He can ignore the laws of probability and interfere with the scenario.
<!>[What are you—]
At that moment, one of the constellations that was trying to enter the void curtain using the power of their nebula was grabbed by the neck by Yoo Jonghyuk.
The constellation that had been intoxicated by Yoo Jonghyuk struggled and spewed out in anger. Perhaps it was a constellation related to fire, but flames oozed from its red-hot incarnation.
Of course, Yoo Jonghyuk didn’t even flinch.
"Is this a great person?"
Yoo Jung-hyuk silently grabbed the guy by the neck and exploded his story. The constellation was completely reduced to powder along with the incarnation body. The story that was once part of the constellation crashed into the veil and broke into fragments.
Yoo Jonghyuk quietly looked down at the scattered remains of the constellation and opened his mouth.
"Stop hiding and come  out, you scum."
Subsequently, the incarnations of the constellations hiding nearby appeared. It seemed like everyone had witnessed the previous battle, as their expressions had hardened.
<!>[Hey, who was that guy who just died?]
<!>[Guardian of the Little Horn.]
<!>[He was a constellation who was about to be promoted... but he was defeated in one hit?]
Yoo Jonghyuk lightly circulated his magic power and checked his condition.
Perhaps because he stayed in the other world for too long, his story did not listen to what he wanted.
'I can't even use half my power.'
His body is a mess. A state in which even his story does not listen. Still, this is enough to fight.
At least he can prevent the constellations from intervening in the 41st round.
And if he’s lucky, he might be able to find a way to get under the Void Veil.
"<Asgard>. Why did you appear here?"
The constellations were startled by Yoo Jonghyuk's voice and trembled.
"Answer me. Why was 'Ginnungagap' activated? Earth is only in the seventh scenario, so why did you decide to intervene?"
The moment Yoo Jonghyuk took a step closer, a small twisting occurred in the distant universe.
As the interstellar world swirled, space-time repeatedly contracted and expanded.
The nearby constellations sighed and retreated.
<!>[Oh, here it comes—]
Yoo Jonghyuk also felt it.
Something was coming here.
Very old and powerful beings.
<!>[The constellation 'Goddess of Love and Cats' is staring at you!]
A terrifying threat swirled before his eyes, and before he knew it, four constellations arrived in front of Yoo Jonghyuk.
<!>[The constellation 'God of the Harp and Horn' is showing hostility towards you.]
<!>[The constellation 'The One Who Lost His Arm to the Wolf of Destruction' frowns!]
<!>[The constellation 'Guardian of the Great Fire Bridge' warns you.]
Narrative-grade constellations representing <Asgard>.
After recognizing them, the other constellations shouted.
<!>[Seoul, the narrative-grade constellations—!]
<!>[I can't believe it.]
Freya, the goddess of love and cats.
Bragi, god of harp and horn.
Tyr, the one who lost his arm to the Wolf of Destruction.
Heimdall, guardian of the Big Horn Bridge.
They were all constellations of <Asgard> equivalent to the 12 gods of <Olympus>. The most powerful constellations and beings that are difficult to even encounter.
Four such constellations appeared at the same time.
What is even more shocking than that is,
<!>[Are you the discarded puppet of the oldest dream?]
<!>[Just as I heard from my father, you have great momentum.]
It is only after the appearance of the four narrative-grade constellations representing <Asgard> that the collapsed balance of the 'scale' gradually returned to its proper place.
<!>[Are you really saying that one guy is like the four of us?]
The person who stepped forward with a frown was Tyr, 'the one who lost his arm to the Wolf of Destruction'. Tyr, who inherited the blood of a giant and had a large body, approached Yoo Jonghyuk, revealing his story without hesitation.
Yoo Jonghyuk looked up at Tyr and muttered.
"It’s smaller than Master."
<!>[What?]
The moment Tyr asked back, Yoo Jonghyuk took a step forward.
Two steps, three steps.
It was just a walk.
But why?
Tyr felt an inexplicable tremor as he watched Yoo Jonghyuk approaching through the void.
He had felt this same tremor a long time ago.
He couldn't believe it. He is a narrative-grade constellation. It was also a narrative-grade constellation located at the top of <Asgard>.
The being he fears is the 'wolf of destruction' that bit his arm.
And it was only his father who was greater than any other star in the world.
"Do you want the rest of your arm cut off too?"
The moment when Yoo Jonghyuk slowly drew his sword.
Rumbling.
A terrifying wave rang out from across the universe. A sound like thunder from very far away.
If you hit it the right way, no matter how strong Yoo Jonghyuk is, he won't be safe from it.
Something also flashed across Yoo Jonghyuk’s expression. Because he knew who the owner of lightning was.
<!>[The constellation 'One-Eyed Father' is glaring at you.]
One-Eyed Father.
The strongest mythical constellation in <Asgard>, Odin.
Although he did not intervene directly, the mythical constellation expressed his opinion.
Coo coo coo coo.
An explosion was heard from beyond the void curtain. Perhaps something was happening over there as well.
"Is it."
Yoo Jonghyuk's 'Black Heavenly Demon' was dyed in bright golden light.
"If you want to go down, I’ll drop you all."
The stars moved with the signal. A huge cluster of meteor showers hitting together.
The story of the constellations and the trajectory of Breaking the Sky swordsmanship became intertwined, and the sky of the <Star Stream> became dazzlingly colored.
Stars began to fall from the night sky.
