<title>713 Episode 26 Star Ladder (9)
Either attack me and act foolishly, or take my side and get a 'legendary story'.
<!>[The synchronization rate with the sponsor performance increases.]
Although I spoke quite like Kim Dokja, in fact, I was not naive enough to believe that this alone would persuade the constellations.
"Everyone, don’t be fooled! This is an issue that the mythical constellations have already agreed upon!"
Anyway, they all belong to a 'Giant Nebula'.
As the 'Gatekeeper of Thebes' said, if the 'mythical constellations' had truly agreed on this issue, there was no way that a mere historical-grade could refuse the order.
"There is no guarantee that you will receive a legendary story by collaborating with that guy in the first place. Rather, the story you’ll get by killing him will be much more valuable."
"I see, that’s true."
"Then let’s kill him quickly without hesitation."
I slowly bit my lip.
I have to somehow wait until Kim Dokja comes.
It certainly seems that the constellations are not stupid.
"You guys are cowardly."
Hmm?
"Are those who have the giant nebula on their backs persecuting just one incarnation?"
There was one fool.
Red flowing hair. A woman holding a Japanese sword embossed with a calm flame was blocking my path.
'Asuka Ren?'
It was the representative incarnation of the Japanese side.
I wondered why she was helping me, but her gaze briefly rested on Yoo Joonghyuk hanging on my shoulder.
Now that I think about it, I heard that Yoo Joonghyuk helped Asuka Ren clear 'Peace Land'’in the 41st round.
Perhaps Asuka Ren is trying to repay the debt.
—Take the Supreme King and run away.
With [Telepathy], the Japanese incarnations, led by Asuka Ren, lined up in front of me.
"Are they the incarnations of the East? They look like they want to die. Are they out of their minds?"
The gatekeeper of Thebes smiled, but Asuka Ren did not smile. A quiet magic bloomed from her whole body. The sincere story she had built up through consistent effort was felt in her whole body.
"You are the one who needs to come to your senses. Did you go into a giant nebula just to do something like that?"
"What—"
"I am speaking to the 'incarnations' here.”
Asuka Ren’s eyes sparkled.
The people she was talking to were not the constellations, but the incarnations that were controlled by the constellations.
"Alexander! Leila! We cleared the sub-scenario together. I remember you from back then. Have you already forgotten your promise to survive to the end of the world and meet again?"
I once again realized what kind of person Asuka Ren was in 'Peace Land'.
She is someone who chose the 'little people' camp even when faced with the easy option of 'disaster'.
"Come to your senses. If you are ruled by the constellations now, you will forever be—"
"The incarnation Naburaengi is the liver."
The 'gatekeeper of Thebes' jabbed at her and three incarnations rushed towards her at the same time.
An old sword, a broken spear, a club.
Looking at the weapons used as main weapons, it seemed like it was a case of medieval knights or barbarians who gained status and became constellations.
However, whether they are knights, barbarians, bastards, once they ascend to constellations, they become beings on a different level.
Coo coo coo coo.
As the story of the historical-grade constellation, whose synchronization rate increased, was revealed, the wide-eyed incarnations came screaming and waving their weapons. A blow that would shatter the limbs of an ordinary incarnation.
However, 'Asuka Ren' was not an ordinary incarnation.
<&>「She is one of the '100 strongest people' in Ways of Survival.」
Her blade flashed in her hand as she dodged the flying club. A strike like a holy war. At first glance, the speed was reminiscent of Lee Jihye's skill.
"Ugh—"
The incarnation, whose club was broken, staggered and grabbed her own neck. Fish-shit, blood bursting out. The incarnation, foaming with her blood, fell to her knees.
Asuka Ren looked down at the incarnation and spoke in a calm voice.
"I avoided the critical point."
Before we knew it, faint sparks were fluttering all over Asuka Ren's body.
<!>[The incarnation 'Asuka Ren']
 increases the synchronization rate with her sponsor.]
Belatedly, the expression of the 'gatekeeper of Thebes' changed.
"No way, her sponsor is—"
<!>[The constellation 'Goryeo’s First Sword' is interested.]
Her constellation is Japan's strongest swordsman.
<!>[The constellation 'Two Thousand Top Masters' is glaring at the constellations of the giant nebula.]
The master of Icheon Ilryu, 'Miyamoto Musashi'.
As a cold, murderous feeling spread from Asuka Ren's entire body, the expressions of those who were frightened stiffened and they retreated.
Even among the same 'historical-grade', there is a level of rank. While there are constellations that are close to the level of historical-grade, there are also constellations that have just reached historical-grade.
'Icheon Ilryu Master' was a constellation closer to the former.
"Stand back, gatekeeper."
It was then that a voice came from behind the group of incarnations.
"A warrior from the East. A swordsmaster who made a lot of fuss. I wanted to try it for once."
As the gatekeeper of Thebes hesitated and retreated, a man with bronze red hair and a strong presence stepped forward. At first glance, it was a constellation with a more powerful status than the gatekeeper of Thebes.
<!>[The constellation 'Sorrows of Troy' increases the synchronization rate with the incarnation.]
Behind him, another giant was radiating a formidable force.
<!>[The constellation 'Wrath of Ithaca' makes an interested expression.]
The 'Sorrows of Troy' and the 'Wrath of Ithaca'.
They were 'Achilles' and 'Odysseus', the heroes of 『Iliad』.
Even within <Olympus>, they are great constellations of a different rank.
Asuka Ren’s expression was tense.
—Take the Supreme King and run away. I can escape at any time.
It seems that Japan has already secured a constellation to support the 'Star Ladder'.
—Now!
"I’ll take care of you."
With Asuka Ren's signal, the temple flashed and one side of the siege was breached.
"He’s running away!"
Miyamoto Musashi and Achilles collided and magical energy exploded.
I ran with all my might, carrying Yoo Joonghyuk on my back, avoiding the swords flying from all directions.
However, there was no way I could run away for that long as I did not have any useful light attack skills.
"Cheon Inho! This way!"
With a screeching sound, a sports car stopped, leaving skid marks.
Without hesitation, I threw Yoo Joonghyuk into the back seat and got in.
As Anna Croft, who was behind the wheel, stepped on the accelerator, Christina waved her chin in greeting.
"Selena was sent up because her injuries were severe."
"What about you?"
It was a question that didn't need to be asked.
They delayed using the 'star ladder' to save me.
Honestly, I was moved.
Because they were the incarnations of <Asgard>.
"If you help me here, <Asgard> won’t leave you alone."
"Anyway, we’re doomed because of you."
Anna Croft gritted her teeth and answered.
"Because of the story you revealed..."
It occurred to me later that I had revealed the events in 'Ginnungagap'.
Inside 'Ginnungagap', Anna Croft processed the 'Lesser Dragon Heart' for me, and with her help, I was able to wipe out the constellations.
Anna Croft must have helped in 'Ginnungagap' because she believed in the characteristics of 'Ginnungagap', which leaves no records, but since I made the story public, her actions have now become known throughout the <Star Stream>.
"It’s not just that they suffered losses. They also probably gained a lot of benefits thanks to you."
"You’re saying that now—"
Anna Croft roared. She seemed really angry, so I felt a little sorry.
"What did Asgard say?"
"Nothing yet. They seem to be busy right now too."
Thunder crashing down from the sky without stopping. Seeing as the meteor shower has been falling for several minutes now, it seems like they won't be paying attention to us right now.
"Why didn’t you use the star ladder? You would have already met the qualifications—"
"There were no constellations willing to send a ladder."
"Are you sure you haven’t made friends with the constellations of the 'Recycling Center'?"
An arrow flew from behind and lodged in the trunk with a loud noise.
Anna stepped on the accelerator harder.
"I will go to the outskirts of the dome. Use the valuable portal there. If you return to Korea, you will be able to avoid their pursuit."
"Is this why you are helping us like this?"
"I hate to admit it, but I need you to see the end of this world."
Anna Croft still believes that I am 'Cheon Inho of the 40th round'.
But there was something I didn't understand with that alone.
No matter how great Cheon Inho was in the 40th round, he was a villain. Although I said I would help Yoo Joonghyuk, is it possible for the prophetess Anna Croft to trust me based on such a weak promise?
"Please calm down, Cheon Inho."
"What do you mean?"
"Exactly what scenario did you go to in the last round?"
I was momentarily taken aback.
What does that mean?
"I know that you didn’t die even after Yoo Joonghyuk regressed."
I remembered seeing Anna Croft's [Future Sight].
In the 40th round, the final showdown between Yoo Joonghyuk and Cheon Inho.
The final scene where the stars in the sky fell and the world approached destruction.
"How many scenarios did you go to after that? In that world where all incarnations disappeared, you…"
Goosebumps slowly appeared.
That memory wasn't the last scene of the 40th round?
Looking back, Cheon Inho's death was not properly described in her memory.
So does that mean that Cheon Inho continued to live even after Yoo Joonghyuk returned?
"Celestial—"
Anna Croft's words did not last until the end. This is because a lightning strike that fell from thin air directly hit the bonnet of the car.
My body was lifted up with a loud noise, and the shock of my bones being torn apart swept through my entire body.
I rolled around on the dirt floor, holding onto Yoo Joonghyuk tightly.
When I stood up, coughing and spitting out dust, I saw Anna and Christina who had collapsed.
'Constellation-nim.'
Instead of Kim Dokja's answer, all that was heard was the harsh sound of lightning. Lightning was striking continuously across the dark sky.
A much bigger shock than what was witnessed in 'Ginnungagap'.
Due to the deafening weather change, the fire gods that were chasing us suddenly stopped walking. The number of falling meteor showers was increasing in real time.
At this point, even I was scared.
What on earth is Yoo Joonghyuk doing over there?
Is he planning to destroy the <Star Stream> like this?
Is this an intention to summon an Outer God?
At that moment, a question arose.
Yoo Joonghyuk intervened in this world line.
This was possible because the giant nebulae were using equivalent probability on the other side of the scale.
However, 'Ginnungagap' has already been lifted. Although the pursuers caught up, the only ones who appeared here were historical-grade constellations with high synchronization rates.
So where on earth are the giant nebulae using 'probability'?
My heart was pounding loudly and I had an ominous feeling.
Sentences began to appear in my head.
<&>「The giant nebulae know.」
<Asgard> knew.
<&>「What kind of being is the Demon King of Salvation? What kind of stories has he built up?」
The distant sky split and lightning struck once again.
I slowly became out of breath. Something was happening that shouldn't have happened.
It feels like a distant sense of the causality of time being distorted. It feels like the whole world is looking into me.
<!>[The constellation 'Goryeo’s First Sword' shouts in anger!]
<!>[The constellation 'Maritime War God' warns you!]
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice'...]
Indirect messages from the constellations echoed in my ears, distorting the air like a whirlpool.
Only then did I realize what the 'Giant Nebula' had done.
<!>[The giant nebula <Asgard> has announced a new 'fate'. ]
An order that cannot be resisted.
The probability of stars that a mere mortal cannot escape no matter how hard he struggles.
<&>「…It is.」
My [fate] was being written down.
<&>「...I will die.」
The very moment when the inevitability of the stars was imprinted on my soul along with nausea.
—Youngest.
I felt like someone was pushing my soul hard.
—I’m resting now.
I screamed as I felt the pressure of the world disappear. Because I realized what was about to happen.
I cannot be done.
Not this time.
You are-
—Because I’m good at this.
At the last moment, I felt like I saw Kim Dokja’s brightly smiling face.
<&>「The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' will die in the story he loved.」
Destiny is decided.
