<title>717 Episode 26 Star Ladder (13)
Bullets flew from somewhere and rained down on his head. The cargo's surprise commission accomplishments evacuated the incarnation.
"What kind of guy—!"
At the same time, shells more than twice the amount of charge poured out. It was not ordinary bullets.
Each magical bullet was filled with concentrated magical energy.
As several incarnations fell after being attacked, the enraged constellations looked in the direction where the fire started.
"Those scum-like incarnations—"
The incarnations dressed as refugees continued shooting.
"Keep shooting."
There was a man standing in the center of the refugees.
Jacob Martinez.
Las Vegas’s 'King of the North'.
The great-grade constellations, running at remarkable speed, quickly broke through the ranks of refugees and rushed at Martinez. 
The moment Martinez opened his eyes, the great-grade constellations in each direction cut off Martin so ez's arms and torso.
"Hahaha! You idiot!"
The severed limbs along with the blood flowed through the air.
<!>[The character 'Jacob Martinez' activates 'Cutting Magic Lv.7'!]
Martinez, who quickly put the cut off limbs back together, looked toward the back and spoke.
"We can’t take too long. The opponent is <Olympus>."
"I know."
"Go. With this, the North has paid its debt."
The woman nodded her head and hugged the fallen Demon King of Salvation. Her body trembled as he entered the process of extinction.
"Don’t move."
The Demon King of Salvation looked up at the woman. An off-white color that shines brightly even on the battlefield.
It wasn't the face he remembered.
"I thought it was Yoo Sangah."
Ji Eunyu laughed heartily.
"I am her incarnation."
The incarnation of Yoo Sangah. Maybe that's why the atmosphere strangely resembles Yoo Sangah.
"It’s dangerous out here. If you’re here to save the youngest, you’re in the wrong place. The youngest is over there—"
"They’re still negotiating with the 'recycling center'."
Are the negotiations still not over?
Then the situation was not good.
A situation where <Olympus> resurrected Ares by burning a giant fire. If he doesn’t send the youngest up quickly—
"Is that all you have to say?"
Ji Eunyu said as she ran while holding the Demon King of Salvation in her arms.
"There’s something I need to say first."
An incarnation that resembles Yoo Sangah not only in her mood but also in her tone of voice.
Ji Eunyu continued her words with a light sigh.
"I was asked to keep an eye on you because you might still do something like this."
"..."
"She wanted to use the Golden Headband, but she also asked me to tell you that it’s a pity that she couldn’t do that."
Golden Headband.
The Demon King of Salvation opened his mouth without realizing it.
"I am not the Kim Dokja that Yoo Sangah is looking for."
As he said those words, the Demon King of Salvation thought of the third child. The third child had the main memory related to the 'Headband'.
"As if that person isn’t Yoo Sangah."
In the rapidly rushing scenery, the Demon King of Salvation felt his stories dispersing.
<!>[The story 'Demon King of Salvation' continues with a stutter.]
Ji Eunyu's hand wrapped around him and held on to the scattered stories.
"You are the Kim Dokja she is looking for."
It was a very warm hand.
"I’ve read more stories about you than anyone else, so I guarantee you."
Is it because the woman telling that story really looked like Yoo Sangah?
The Demon King of Salvation slowly opened his mouth.
"How is Yoo Sangah?"
"Are you okay?"
"Tell her I’m sorry."
"Please tell her directly."
"You say you are the incarnation of Yoo Sangah."
"You heard I’m not Yoo Sangah."
"For now, let’s assume you’re Yoo Sangah. So—"
The Demon King of Salvation knew.
Yoo Sangah cannot come here.
He doesn't know if it's because of the 'scale of probability' or the restrictions of the 'Void Veil', but at least she won't be able to come until he dies.
Perhaps his words will not be conveyed properly to Yoo Sangah.
"Thank you so much, Yoo Sangah."
But at least it will remain as a story.
And one day, Yoo Sangah will read his story left on this wall.
The Demon King of Salvation was satisfied with that.
"Really, thank you."
His scenario is now over.
Now the protagonist and characters of this story have changed.
"I don’t know what you’re thankful for ."
Nonetheless, the story continues.
"I’m going to ask, so make sure you’re alive until then."
Is it because there is still a story left unfinished?
The Demon King of Salvation slowly blinked his eyes and asked.
"Is that what Yoo Sangah just said?"
"That’s just what I said?"
"You are just the incarnation of Yoo Sangah."
"I just decided to be Yoo Sangah."
Ji Eunyu said, kicking the ground with all her might and running.
"I don’t know, but Yoo Sangah would definitely have said that."
The explosion sound coming from behind was gradually fading away.
The northern king's troops were annihilated.
"I heard about you from my youngest."
Editor Ji Eunyu.
In his youngest's memory, she was quite an important figure.
She was the first to read and edit the stories the youngest wrote. Perhaps, without her, his 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' written by his youngest would not have been possible.
<&>「"Writer, look. Kim Dokja’s lines here are a bit strange."」
"I think this line suits him."
"No! Look, he wasn’t a character who spoke like this before—"
"Isn’t that the character’s three-dimensionality?"
"This is not three-dimensional, it’s a kabung."」
A thought suddenly occurred to him.
If he and Yoo Sangah had been reincarnated in a different world, wouldn't they have been like that?
<&>「Doesn’t Kim Dokja want to be someone else sometimes?」
A world without scenarios and constellations. A world where all these tragedies are just imagination in the lines of text.
The youngest came from that world.
"You stayed here to save the youngest?"
Ji Eunyu did not answer.
"You’re like the youngest Yoo Sangah."
"I’m not Yoo Sangah. Stop talking. The story will be scattered."
"I’m going to die anyway. There’s less than a minute left."
Ji Eunyu’s steps stopped.
The great-grade constellations hidden in the front line appeared one by one. Additional great-grade constellations dispatched from <Olympus> appeared accompanied by their incarnations.
"Turn off [Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint] and run away! That’s it."
"No. I’ve put restrictions on it."
It is different from the general [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint].
The Demon King of Salvation risked his own life to kill the incarnations of great-grade and kill the incarnation of Ares, a narrative-grade constellation.
"This [Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint] cannot be canceled on its own."
In other words, when this incarnation body disappears, it also disappears.
"What on earth were you thinking? You’re the one they’re after."
"I know."
"Then why—"
Why did he do such an unreasonable thing?
The Demon King of Salvation doesn't know much either.
He may have believed that his stage was not over yet.
He may have wanted to recreate the days when he was hunting down constellations as the 'Demon King of Salvation'.
When hesaw the story of the youngest fighting desperately alone, his blood boiled without him knowing, and he may have wanted to prove that he, too, was a 'Kim Dokja'.
The 'Thoughts' borrowed from the youngest hummed and cried.
"The Demon King of Salvation I know never dies."
"..."
"You know that he is a person who survives no matter what he does, right?"
Great-grade constellations approached from all directions.
There was no place to run now.
There was  no way for them to escape unless the 'star ladder' came down.
But what star would dare to lower the 'star ladder' against the 'giant nebula'?
"So please save him."
As Ji Eunyu said those words, her gaze rested on Cheon Inho in the distance for a moment.
"Please, save Kim Dokja."
The Demon King of Salvation listened to those words blankly. Perhaps he came all the way here because he wanted to hear those words.
<!>[The story 'Demon King of Salvation' wants to continue its storytelling.]
The Demon King of Salvation, who stumbled out of Ji Eunyu's arms, spoke.
"Okay."
Beyond the incarnations of great-grade constellations that surrounded them, a man with a fearsome appearance was walking.
"Demon—King—of—Salvation"
It was the resurrected incarnation of Ares.
Tsutsutsu!
Ares walked forward, enduring aftereffects that exceeded the probability limit.
Even if all his remaining stories were exploded, it was impossible to defeat him.
Thunder struck once again across the night sky. The Demon King of Salvation thought of Yoo Jonghyuk.
Perhaps Yoo Jonghyuk or Kim Dokja Company will not be able to come. Because the giant nebulae will be blocking them by sacrificing their giant stories.
Not only them, but no one else in this world can intervene in this scenario where the giant nebulae run rampant.
<&>「Except for only one place.」
The Demon King of Salvation raised his head.
"Are you there?"
They are the group that controls this 'world' itself.
Those who control the scenario in the torrent of the <Star Stream> and guide the world to the ◼️◼️ of everything.
"Bihyung."
Sparks struck in the air at the call of the Demon King of Salvation. And,
—Are you serious?
Bihyung, a dokkaebi belonging to the 'Management Bureau' responded.
"Yes."
The Demon King of Salvation knew. Bihyung is probably not the only one listening to him now.
The great dokkaebis of this world line— even perhaps the dokkaebi king beyond—are also listening to his story.
And what he's going to say, he's already guessing.
—The price will be very high.
He knows. Perhaps it would be more cruel than death.
"It does not matter."
Nevertheless, he has to meet his youngest again.
When they meet, he has to tell him what he hasn't  told him yet.
What kind of person is the 'real Kim Dokja'?
Where is Han Sooyoung, whom he was searching for?
How can readers from other world lines be sent back?
Who is the guy who killed us?	
And—
<&>「Why does this 'world' exist?」
The constellations noticed something unusual and rushed towards this direction.
"That bastard! Stop him—!"
Looking at them, the Demon King of Salvation grinned.
<&>「You will get nothing.」
The Demon King of Salvation declared.
"I will dedicate myself to the <Star Stream>."
Then the world responded to his words.
<!>[The <Star Stream> accepts your offer.]
<!>[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is consecrated to the 'Star Stream'.]
"Stop! You bastard!"
The fact that the constellation sealed itself in the 'Star Stream' was tantamount to voluntarily becoming the subject of a scenario.
<!>[The mayor of 'Jeonsang City' wants to incorporate the 'Demon King of Salvation' into his scenario.]
<!>[The host of 'Ragnarok' wants to incorporate the 'Demon King of Salvation' into his scenario.]
<!>[The 'Fallen ruins' owner wants to incorporate the 'Demon King of Salvation' into his scenario.]
<!>[The creator of the 'Holy Demon War' wants to incorporate the 'Demon King of Salvation' into his scenario.]
…
<!>[The director of the 'Recycling Center' wants to incorporate the 'Demon King of Salvation' into his scenario.]
He didn't know how he would  be used in which scenario. But now he had offered himself and was entitled to ask for it in return.
"I accept the granting authority of the 'Star Ladder'."
<!>[The 'Administrative Bureau' approves your payment.]
Ares arrived right in front of the Demon King of Salvation and swung his spear.
In a split second, a dazzling beam of light appeared and the incarnation of the 'Demon King of Salvation' disappeared.
"No!"
At the same time, a bright ladder began to come down from thin air.
<&>「Star Ladder.」
An opportunity to ascend to heaven given to several incarnations in exchange for the constellation 'Demon King of Salvation'.
Anna Croft and Selena Kim climbed the ladder to help Cheon Inho and Yoo Jonghyuk, who had fallen, and Ji Eunyu also held onto the ladder with Martinez.
The ladder carrying all the scheduled incarnations began to ascend to the sky.
Coo coo coo coo!
Ares was furious and went berserk.
"I can’t admit it!"
Ares's angry body stretched out his hand toward the star ladder.
"Stop it! Stop his incarnation from using the star ladder! Just make him drop it somehow!"
Great-grade constellations, including the gatekeeper of Thebes, belatedly attacked the ladder.
However, a translucent curtain created sparks and blocked their intervention.
"How dare you—"
At that moment, Ares felt like the scales of the scenario were balanced.
It was impossible.
If there is a being who can achieve equilibrium with a narrative-grade constellation—
<!>[Stop, Ares.]
All the constellations, including Ares, stopped along with their incarnations at the mantra filled with tremendous power.
Ares lifted his head and looked up at the sky in disbelief.
At the end of the star ladder leading to the 'recycling center' were beings with pure white wings spread out.
Unlike <Olympus> and <Asgard>, which participated in the scenario, these stars were the only ones among the three giant nebulae that remained silent.
"Eden!"
<!>[The constellation 'Lilies Blooming on Water Ice' reveals themselves!]
A line of constellations was blocking the road leading to the recycling center.
<!>[The scenario is over. Without further compromising probability, go back to your own context.]
"How dare you, how dare you—"
Ares couldn't understand. Why is <Eden> involved in this situation?
Especially at this timing.
Ares bit his lip and revealed his fierceness to the being standing beyond the archangels.
"Center Director! I know you’re hiding there!"
There is no need to fight <Eden>.
After all, the 'Star Ladder' is not under the jurisdiction of <Eden>.
"Cancel the Star Ladder! The 'Demon King of Salvation' is ours!"
<!>[No. Now he belongs to the 'Star Stream'.]
With a hollow laugh, the center director's voice was heard from the archangel's shadow.
<!>[<Olympus>. Have you forgotten the Nebula Agreement? You cannot interfere with the 'Recycling Center' scenario.]
"Asgard has declared [Fate]. Three [Fate] messages have been sent to him! He cannot avoid them! He—"
<!>[The fate that came down to him was to 'die in a loved story'.]
When all the incarnations completed their ascension, the 'star ladder' began to disperse. The portal to the recycling center was closing little by little.
The center director, with a strange smile, left his last words while looking at the ruined Washington Dome.
<!>[I guess that story isn't here.]
"Wait! Wait! You guys—"
<!>['Star Ladder' has disappeared.]
<!>[All scenarios in the 'Washington Dome' area end.]
<!>[The scales of the scenario are tipped.]
<!>[The balance of probability is lost.]
Ares and the great-grade constellations that were left behind hurriedly looked at each other.
Unusual sparks were raging throughout Washington.
"Everyone withdraw—"
<!>[A potential storm begins to blow!]
The aftermath that followed erased  everything in Washington.
