<title>721 Episode 27 Recycling Center (4)
The other incarnations stretched out their hands towards me. I dodged their hands with quick movements and kicked the floor. As the acceleration began to pick up, the incarnations began to move backwards one by one.
"How could that—"
"He’s carrying a kid!"
11th, 10th, 9th, 8th…
A ranking that goes up in an instant.
As the acceleration increased to the point where I was right in front of the leading incarnation, the back of Bicheonhori, who had run ahead, came into view.
He exclaimed in admiration as he rose to the top of the rankings with his uniquely agile legs.
"Huh, that’s a novel method."
Fortunately, Bicheonhori did not attack me.
"Are you using the story of the 'Rat'?"
I nodded.
Originally, the 'Zodiac Race' was a story in which the 'rat' won.
To be exact, it is a story about a 'rat' riding on the back of a faithfully running 'bull' and winning.
In other words, I was now playing the role of a 'bull' carrying a rat.
<!>['Simple staging' is in effect!]
<&>「Simple staging.」
It was difficult to expect the same effect as the general「Staging」, but in a situation where the skill and stigmata were sealed, this was an excellent buff.
Even that quick-footed Bicheonhori was slowly falling behind me.
"It’s not over yet. Don’t let your guard down."
Bicheonhori warned.
"All the incarnations that have come here are poisonous people."
Before he could finish speaking, one of the incarnations of the leading group threw a shuriken towards me.
I quickly ducked to avoid the shuriken, then took a big step and hit the guy hard on the back.
"Ugh!"
As the incarnation who had been hit on the back rolled around on the floor, the other incarnations in the lead group also joined in with murderous looks in their eyes.
"You can’t go! Stop him!"
Yes, whatever.
How can they stop me in a situation where their stigmata and skills are sealed?
Of course, there are ways to use 'stories', but an incarnation that can handle 'story' in only the eighth scenario is—
"Tie his feet!"
I thought it was rare.
<!>[Fragment of the story 'The Farmer Plowing' begins its storytelling!]
Coo coo coo coo coo.
<!>[Fragment of the story 'The Farmer Plowing' ruined the farming!]
I felt like my feet were sinking into the track I was running on, but soon the terrain changed to become as uneven as a furrow in a field.
<&>「The farmer plowing a field.」
Did they have 'land reclamation experts' or 'developers of rice transplanting methods' as hints?
However, using that fragment of the story was a mistake.
Because now I was under the protection of 'Bull'.
<!>[The energy of a charging bull explodes from your body!]
<!>[The Constellation 'The One Who Won the Rat' grins.]
Originally, bulls did the field work.
"Damn, he’s faster!"
"It’s stupid, because you use fragments like that!"
The leading incarnations were embarrassed and attacked each other, blaming each other.
I struck a spear lightly with 'Unbreakable Faith' and took the lead.
Now there are only two incarnations left in front of us.
One incarnation, who was running in second place, blew toward the floor.
<!>[Fragment of the story 'Sigh of the Frozen One' begins its storytelling!]
I felt my leg muscles rapidly becoming stiff due to the cold wind.
<!>[Story fragment 'Sigh of the Frozen One' wraps around your ankles.]
I never thought there would already be incarnations that can handle fragments of stories to this extent.
I checked the stories I had in my head. But I couldn't think of a story that was particularly suitable for this situation.
At that time, the kid on my back opened his mouth.
"Keep running."
<!>[The story fragment 'Scream of the Scorching Flame' begins its storytelling!]
I was a little surprised.
<&>「Scream of a Scorching Flame.」
It happened to be a fragment of a story I read about in 'Ways of Survival'.
A fragment that can only be obtained by those who fought against the 'Red Flame Dragon', one of the kings of the dragon race.
However, it was a story that made no common sense. Is there any chance of an incarnation fighting against the Red Flame Dragon in only the eighth scenario?
Unless he happened to pick up a fallen piece of story—
<!>[The story fragment 'Scream of a Scorching Flame' melts the cold.]
The kid shouted with a frown, probably because it seemed like using the fragment of the story was too difficult.
"There's no time! Faster! I must come in first place!"
Now there is only one incarnation left at the forefront.
Before I knew it, the finish line began to appear in the distance. But with the finish line just around the corner, the incarnation, who was running in front of me, looked back.
It was an incarnation wearing a tiger mask.
"He’s quite the guy."
Contrary to what Bicheonhori said, the 'Recycling Center' was not necessarily a place where only weak people gathered.
<!>[Fragment of the story 'The Chosen One of Self-defense' begins its storytelling.]
When weak animals gather together, there are bound to be wild beasts that come to hunt those weak animals.
The leading incarnation was also that kind of guy.
His hands swelled greatly and soon took on the shape of a tiger's front paws.
Looking at the fragments of the story, it may be an incarnation related to the 'tiger' in the Chinese Zodiac.
I asked breathlessly.
"Do you know the ´Tiger That Eats Rice Cake'?"
The tiger mask's shoulders trembled at the words I suddenly shouted.
I continued with a grin.
"He’s a friend who sponsors me often."
"Don’t lie! A Historical-grade Constellation is with you—"
"Tiger Eating Rice Cake! Are you watching!"
The surprised guy looked up into space. Unfortunately, there was no response from the 'Tiger Eating Rice Cake'.
But it didn't matter. I just needed an opportunity to catch up with him.
"You bastard!"
Before I knew it, the tiger mask found me running alongside him and lashed out with its ferocious front paw.
I supported the kid's butt with one hand and swung 'Unbreakable Faith' with the other hand.
<!>[The story 'Tenacious Martial Arts Expert' begins its storytelling!]
I wonder if my level has improved considerably during this time. The feeling of holding a Narrative-grade story in my hands was quite different.
As 'Unbreakable Faith' spewed out magical power and unleashed harsh energy, the Tiger Mask’s eyes widened.
"It’s not a fragment of a story, it’s a real 'story'…?"
As the blade wrapped with the power of stories collided with the forepaw, a series of magical waves erupted.
<!>[The story 'Tenacious Martial Arts Expert' stutters its storytelling.]
Perhaps because it was not a story I had built up myself, the story of the Ark did not demonstrate satisfactory destructive power.
It might also mean that my level is not good enough yet.
But it's only a Narrative-grade story.
I realized once again that there was still a long way to go.
"Gaaaa! I can’t lose! Self-defense! Give me the energy of a tiger!"
A bright blue aura soared from the whole body of the guy who shouted a strange slogan.
While I was blocking the flying front paw, the tiger mask began to take three or four steps ahead of me.
There are now about 100 meters left until the finish line.
The products for this scenario were on display inside the finish line visible in the distance.
Fragments of Kim Dokja’s story.
<!>[The story 'Heir to the Eternal Name' is craving it.]
'If you want to eat, help me, you bastard.'
<!>[The story 'Heir to the Eternal Name' snorts as if it is annoyed.]
At that moment, fierce magical power surged from my right arm.
"Kaaaaak!"
While the tiger mask, unable to withstand the impact of the magic wave, was rolling around on the floor, I jumped over him and sprinted as fast as I could.
It would be nice to win first place like this, but unfortunately, that is impossible since I have claimed the role of 'Bull'.
If we lose first place here, we'll probably be swept up in the possible aftermath of a 'simple staging'.
"Kid. Go."
The kid grabbed my shoulder as if asking if I was really going to be okay.
"It’s okay. Anyway, what I want is the second-place product."
"You are such a strange person."
"In times like that, you say 'thank you'."
The kid just kicked my shoulder and crossed the finish line.
"I am indebted to you."
A very thin and faint voice remained behind the guy soaring into the sky.
I smiled bitterly without realizing it.
In fact, that was a huge step forward.
If that kid is 'the guy' I think of.
<!>[Sub-scenario has ended!]
<!>[You have successfully completed the 'Zodiac Race'.]
<!>[You finished the 'Zodiac Race' in 'second place'.]
<!>[Obtained the story fragment 'The Right Arm of the Sword Master who was Stabbed in the Back by a Colleague'.]
<!>[The constellation 'The One Who Won the Rat' is satisfied with your reproduction of the story.]
<!>[The constellation 'The One Who Won the Rat' sponsors you with 1,000 coins.]
<&>「Permission to enter the 'Recycling Center' has been obtained.」
Afterwards, the incarnations crossed the finish line one by one.
"I lived! Damn it!"
"Constellation-nim! I passed!"
"No! I don’t want it! Argh!"
A sinkhole occurred on the track, and the incarnation, who came in last place, crashed.
Unfortunately, the person who was eliminated was the incarnation of the Historical-grade who was trading blows with me until the very end. It looks like he suffered quite serious internal injuries from the impact of the final clash.
I immediately checked the prize I had won.
<&>「'The Right Arm of the Sword Master who was Stabbed in the Back by a Colleague'.」
This is a fragment of a story that Kim Dokja obtained from 'Scenario Horizon', and a fragment of story that the 'Demon King of Salvation' used to save me.
The moment I activated the fragment, I felt a surge of strength in my right arm and heard a nostalgic voice.
<&>「Well done, Youngest.」
I couldn't tell if it was really something he left behind, or if it was accidentally buried in the fragments of this story.
However, the moment I heard that voice, I was reminded again of what I had to do.
<!>[The story 'Heir to the Eternal Name' nods.]
<!>[The story 'Heir to the Eternal Name' declares that it will eat now.]
What?
<!>[The story 'Heir to the Eternal Name' feasts on the story fragment 'The Right Arm of the Sword Master who was Stabbed in the Back by a Colleague'!]
<!>[A 15-day time limit has been added.]
<!>[The status of the story 'Heir to the Eternal Name' increases slightly.]
<!>[Understanding of the story fragment 'The Right Arm of the Sword Master who was Stabbed in the Back by a Colleague' has greatly increased!]
The stories it preyed upon did not disappear. Rather, understanding of the story increased.
<!>[The story 'Heir to the Eternal Name' looks at you as if you are pitiful.]
If you think about it, it was natural.
The 'Heir to the Eternal Name' is a story that exists to complete 'The One and Only Kim Dokja'.
There is no way Kim Dokja could not use the power he had.
"You’re really fast. I’m impressed."
Bicheonhori, who came in third place, patted his pants and said.
The third place prize is 'Shoes of Greed'.
Although it was a somewhat inferior item compared to 1st and 2nd place, he seemed satisfied.
"Do you have company? If you don't mind, I think it would be nice if I could accompany you inside the Center."
Bicheonhori was the only incarnation that didn't attack me, so there was nothing wrong with going around with him. But...
"I have company."
I saw the pitch-black kid holding the first prize from a few steps away.
Bicheonhori asked in a somewhat surprised voice.
"Were you with that kid?"
"To be exact, we will be joining the group soon."
I left behind Bicheonhori, who was tilting his head as if wondering what that meant, and went straight to the pitch black kid.
The kid was mumbling as he held on with both hands to the 'Battle Boots of the Noble One' given as the first prize.
"I finally found it..."
I wonder if my eyes looked like that when I got the fragment of the story of the 'Demon King of Salvation'.
Anyone can see the sparkle in the eyes of a child who has recovered a precious item.
"Is it important to you?"
The little boy didn't answer. Of course, it wasn't a question I wanted an answer to.
Because I already knew what those boots meant to him.
I thought of lonely footprints in a distant snow field.
<&>「"Captain, but why don’t your feet smell?"」
5th Round.
<&>「"Master, can I put a sticker here?"」
98th Round.
<&>「"Are you planning on exchanging those boots for my military boots?"」
186th Round.
No matter what round he lived in, he was always wearing those battle boots.
As the rounds changed, the stickers Lee Jihye had put on and all traces of Lee Hyunsung's blood disappeared, but he continued to wear those boots.
He put on those boots and walked the same path again and again.
"Please stop and confess now."
At my question, the pitch-black kid looked up at me.
"Why on earth did you become like that?"
I was suspicious from the first time I saw it.
My doubts turned into certainty right after I saw the fragment of the story of the 'Red Flame Dragon' that he had.
There is no way in this world line that there will be an incarnation that has already met the 'Red Flame Dragon'.
Except for just one person.
"Yoo Joonghyuk."
If it was Yoo Joonghyuk in the 41st Round, it wouldn't be surprising if he had fragments of that story.
He will have already had experience facing the 'Red Flame Dragon' in the 40th Round.
Anyway, it was fortunate to be reunited with Yoo Joonghyuk here.
The eighth scenario was the 'Recycling Center', which Kim Dokja also avoided.
He was unconscious when fighting the Constellations, so he wasn't helpful at all, but as long as Yoo Joonghyuk stays sane, there's nothing to be afraid of no matter what scenario comes for the time being.
"I was wondering if you wanted me to pay for my meal, but then you asked why I turned into a kid."
The problem is that body, which has become weak even at first glance.
Who would think that scrawny figure is that 'Yoo Joonghyuk'?
"I don’t know what you’re talking about. Get out of the way."
Is he trying to hide his identity?
But there was something strange about him for me to think that way and move on.
In the <Star Stream>, fame soon becomes a story. Yoo Joonghyuk, who knows this well, had no reason to hide his identity.
"Yoo Joonghyuk?"
At that moment, my Constellation’s words came to mind along with an ominous premonition.
<&>「'Redemption of Truth' is a power that can be used at the cost of some of the memories of the past.」
No way.
I looked down at little Yoo Joonghyuk. Then little Yoo Joonghyuk also looked up at me.
Little Yoo Joonghyuk, who had been glaring at me with his characteristic gaze for a long time, asked with a frown.
"Who on earth is Yoo Joonghyuk?"
For a moment, all kinds of thoughts came into my head and then became quiet.
I slowly opened my mouth, looking into the clear eyes of little Yoo Joonghyuk, who did not show any lies.
"Yoo Joonghyuk…"
The last thing I thought of was Yoo Joonghyuk from the 1,863rd Round.
My favorite Yoo Joonghyuk.
I smiled kindly at little Yoo Joonghyuk.
"This is a friend who really likes dirt."
Finally, the opportunity to change the 41st Round has come.
