<title>723 Episode 28 House (1)
<&>「"When he comes back, we will live in a very, very big house."」
Shin Yoosoung, who was quietly looking up at the sky, said.
"The house will be so big that there is the Han River and the sea inside the house. There is also a PC room and a library. Even if you don’t go outside, you can eat pizza by the Han River or go to the sea and eat chicken. We will all go to the PC room together and talk to Joonghyuk ahjussi. We can learn games, and..."
"You idiot. There is no house that big."
Lee Gilyoung gave a scolding. Shin Yoosoung was silent for a long time before answering.
"I know."」
***
An hour ago, the first thing we agreed on was finding a place to stay.
"I don’t know what the scenario for the event that will be in an hour is going to be, but first, let’s find accommodation."
In fact, it's a lie to say that I don't know what's coming.
Since the name of the event scenario is 'The Three Little Pigs', a related event will definitely occur.
Fortunately, little Yoo Jonghyuk nodded without any hesitation.
"Guide me."
"Yeah."
I feel like I have somehow become a servant serving his master.
I walked along, looking closely at the signs installed throughout the city. Obviously, this place functions as a city in its own way, so there will be places that can be used as temporary accommodation.
Since it is a cyberpunk world, there  might be a hotel.
"You."
"Yeah."
"You walk quickly." 
I glanced back at little Yoo Jonghyuk and slowed down my pace a little.
But after a while, Yoo Jonghyuk opened his mouth again.
"I would have said you walk fast."
"What are you saying?"
When I turned around, Yoo Jonghyuk looked up at me without answering.
I looked at that guy and sighed.
He has a body that makes me think he's barely ten years old. Since he didd not receive the benefits of any skills or Stigmas, he must have not yet recovered from the fatigue of the previous 'zodiac race'.
I had no choice but to get down on my knees and stick out my back.
Yoo Jonghyuk seemed to have been waiting, and he jumped up and stood on my shoulder.
Wait No, it's  like he's riding a surfboard.
"Can’t you just piggyback like a normal person?"
"It would be better to pay more attention to training."
"Yes?"
"The balance of the body was lost because the scapula and deltoid muscles are not properly developed. From now on, when holding a sword, I have to move my shoulders while paying attention to the range of motion of the wing bones."
"Isn’t it a lie to say you lost your memory?"
I grumbled and started walking, picking up little Yoo Jonghyuk.
If Uriel was watching, she would have given me coins, saying it was nice.
For some reason, the constellations I was normally close to were nowhere to be seen here.
"But will your body return to its original state after ten days?"
"I do not know either."
"If it doesn’t come back, I’ll be in a bit of trouble."
"There will be recovery. I don’t know how much will return."
If Yoo Jonghyuk in this round didn't continue to grow up in this state, a disaster could happen .
Then what should I do?
Should I throw this little bastard into the time fault of the dark dimension and wait for him to grow up?
"I don’t know about you, but there is a place in the Dark Dimension called a temporal fault."
"Do you by any chance have a skill called [Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint]?"
"What nonsense?"
"Why did you mention the temporal fault?"
"It’s a good place for a weakling like you to train his body."
Ah, did he mean that?
"Why exercise when you can increase your stats with coins?"
"It’s not 'real'."
"What is real or fake ? It’s a world where coins are all you need anyway."
While we were chatting casually, we arrived at a building labeled 'Fox and Crane Hotel'.
The name is a hotel, but no matter how you look at it, it looks like an inn.
As I opened the door and entered, there was a musty smell of beer.
The prisoners sitting at the bar table gave us wary looks.
I ignored them and headed straight to the counter.
"Oh, welcome back."
The owner who found us stuttered and opened his mouth.
For reference, the owner was a crane.
"Guys, what are you doing in such a shabby place—"
"Isn’t this Iggy’s dorm?"
"Yes, yes, that’s true, but is there a place where precious Naori can stay…"
Precious Naori?
I watched our movements. Although I was wearing a nice coat, I was only clad in tangled rags. Except for wearing a mask...
<&>「Mask.」
I felt a sense of discomfort.
Since we first entered Zone 13, Yoo Jonghyuk and I have encountered quite a few incarnations.
But they had something in common.
<&>「No one is wearing a mask.」
Pig? I'm sure everyone came in wearing masks at first, but now—
"Are you by any chance new?"
"Yes."
"A-are you sure you didn’t choose a 'zodiac sign' and came directly to Zone 13?"
I nodded slightly.
The owner muttered with his eyes wide open.
"Why such a crazy choice…"
As expected, there didn't seem to be many cases of people choosing Zone 13 right away.
I guess so. It would be normal for someone to choose a zodiac sign and grow with support.
Only crazy people like Kim Dokja or Yoo Jonghyuk make choices like this.
"Do you have a room?"
"Oh, of course."
As soon as they realized we were beginners, their tone changed.
Not a very nice crane.
"How much is it?"
"One child and an adult. 2,000 coins."
No matter how you look at it, the price was exorbitant, but finding a room was the most important thing right now.
The moment 2,000 coins materialized in the palm of my hand, the owner's expression hardened.
"Are you kidding me?"
"No?"
"Hehe, it looks like you didn’t read the guide’s explanation properly."
As soon as the owner spoke, a message came into my head.
<!>[Existing 'coins' are not distributed in this worldview.]
<!>[The mainstream currency in this worldview is 'recycled coin'.]
Recycled coins?
"Like this."
The owner opened the cash register drawer.
I asked while looking closely at the 'recycled coins' that filled the drawer.
"Isn’t it a bottle cap?"
"This is the currency here."
From old bottle caps to new bottle caps, bottle caps of all kinds were sparkling in brilliant colors.
"Everything has its own use. This is the spirit of the 'Recycling Center'."
Is the center director’s nickname 'environmental movement expert'?
"We only have coins. Can’t we exchange money?"
Some of the people who were drinking beer took notice of us.
"Ugh, that’s what the incarnations are like these days."
"I was just trying to make everything easy."
"I heard he doesn’t know that the story he worked hard to obtain is true."
"He must be someone who only raises his abilities with coins."
Just because I tried to exchange money, I became a person who lives life easily.
When little Yoo Jonghyuk glared at them with a menacing gaze, the people immediately shut their mouths.
The owner shrugged his shoulders and answered.
"I’m sorry, but currency exchange is not possible."
"I’ll give you 10,000 coins per night."
"I said I can’t do it."
"50,000 coins per night."
"No, well—"
"100,000 coins."
The owner, who thought for a moment, looked at his guests and asked again.
"Are you serious?"
"No."
It won’t be.
"…Get some recycled coins. Night will come soon, so you’d better hurry."
We were immediately kicked out of the inn.
It looks like the currency used here must be earned here.
It's a very harsh world for beginners.
<!>[There are 50 minutes left until today’s 'Event Scenario'.]
<!>[Find 'accommodation' that will tolerate the room.]
Little Yoo Jonghyuk, who had already come down from my shoulder, asked.
"What are you going to do now? Didn’t you tell me to trust only you?"
"I didn’t say that."
Perhaps the 'night' of this worldview is as dangerous as the 'night' of the demon world. That's why the message asking us to find accommodation appears again and again.
However, right now we have  no way to utilize 'recycled coins'.
"What are you worrying about? Get recycled coins."
"Do you have any  idea how?"
It was something I threw out without much expectations. I'm sure he'll come up with something like, "Kick down passers-by," or "Wipe down the inn and steal the lodgings and coins," or something like that, or just destroy this world.
"Buy recycled coins with coins."
I pondered the meaning of those words and asked with admiration.
"Oh, you mean give them the coins and take the recycled coins away?"
"What nonsense?"
"They say you can’t exchange money here."
If you look closely, you might find illegal money changers, but there wasn't enough time to find money changers when we didn't even know where they were.
I wonder if it would be a good idea to follow Yoo Jonghyuk's style and shake off a passerby.
"Recycled coins are bottle caps."
"Bottle caps are recycled coins."
"This means that all you have to do is get bottle caps, not recycled coins."
Little Yoo Jonghyuk said that and pointed to a street vendor. Various potions were on display at the street vendor.
I looked there in confusion and muttered.
My God, I can’t believe I didn’t think what little Yoo Jonghyuk was thinking too.
***
After a while, we were stacking up a bunch of potion bottles and opening the bottle caps. Of course, I didn't steal it from a street vendor, I bought it myself.
How did I purchase a potion when I didn't have any recycled coins?
<!>[A total of 2,000 coins were spent in the 'Dokkaebi’s Bag'.]
<!>[You purchased 100 'lowest level health recovery potions whose expiration date is near'.]
We worked hard to open the bottle cap.
I opened the bottle cap and threw away the remaining potion.
<!>[The constellation 'Polar Bear Guardian' gapes at your judgment.]
Of course, the environment is important, but right now we have to survive. Only then can we protect polar bears.
After a while, we got the bottle caps and went back into the inn.
The owner looked shocked when he saw the bottle caps we brought.
"Aren’t they all 'new bottle caps'? Could it be that you opened a potion bottle?"
"Yes."
"What happened to all the remaining potions?"
"I threw it away."
"Stupid! Just sell potions!"
Little Yoo Jonghyuk and I looked at each other with dumb expressions.
"Hmm, just kidding. Those potions are trash here anyway. The 'Recycling Center' only handles 'recycled potions'."
He was an owner who loved to joke.
"By the way, this is only worth '500 recycling coins'."
The owner clicked his tongue slightly and shook his head.
It seems to be of low value as it is the lowest level potion lid.
"Even a small room is fine. How could you not do that?"
<!>[The 'event scenario' begins in 15 minutes.]
There wasn't much time left now.
If I don't find a place to stay, I might end up in a situation where I'm just opening bottles again.
It is impossible.
"Actually, there is... but would it be okay to live in a very shabby place? It would be a bit inconvenient since there are people sharing the room."
"It’s okay. Please take us there."
The owner nodded his head and gestured with his chin as if to ask us to follow. We quietly followed the owner. The owner went out of the inn and led us to the street behind the house.
"Are the accommodations outside the inn?"
"Think of it as a guest house."
After walking about a hundred meters past the inn alley, an unidentified abandoned village appeared.
"It’s here. You can go into room 101."
The place where the owner stopped was a wooden villa that looked almost collapsed.
This feels like a haunted house experience, not a guest house.
"Meals will be served in the morning, so come to the hotel when the sun rises."
"There is also breakfast service."
"Of course, that’s only if we survive until tomorrow morning."
The owner who left meaningful words disappeared and I was left alone with little Yoo Jonghyuk.
"Are you okay?"
"It doesn’t matter. I’m used to being homeless."
"Why did someone who remembers such things forget their own name?"
Yoo Jonghyuk didn't answer for a moment. I wondered what he was thinking.
A faint feeling of guilt came over me as he looked at that guy like that.
Abilities that are activated at the cost of 'normal memories' tend to disappear starting with 'unnecessary memories'.
And Yoo Jonghyuk forgot his own name before any other memory.
"It’s been a while since I went to a house."
"I’ll try to find better accommodation next time."
"It doesn’t matter."
We immediately opened the door to room 101. The noise of people making a fuss was heard from inside.
"Oh, looks like someone new has arrived."
"Welcome—"
A welcome greeting from inside the entrance. Fortunately, they seemed to be polite people.
The moment I nodded and raised my head, I made eye contact with the woman who came to meet me.
Unlike us, the face of the woman who had taken off her mask was full of vitality.
Next to her, as expected, a handsome-looking man was standing with soot smeared on his philtrum.
Before I knew it, I had no voice coming out of my throat.
<&>「"I will not choose any district."」
Maybe I should have expected it.
If it were Kim Dokja, of course he would have had no choice but to make the same choice.
I was happy about that fact, but I was also sad, so my voice didn't come out.
Kyung Sein was the first to open her mouth.
"Ah…"
The man standing next to her also widened his eyes.
In addition, Cha Yerin, Literature Girl 64 who was sitting on a shabby chair and looked this way, and Ye Hyunwoo, the 7th apostle, who lied helplessly on the floor and turned his head this way.
"Everyone."
The moment I barely managed to utter this word after swallowing my emotions, Ye Hyunwoo, who was lying on the floor, suddenly got up.
"No way—"
At the same time, a man leaning against the window also turned around.
I was about to nod happily and then looked down at little Yoo Jonghyuk. When I think about it, I am not Cheon Inho now.
"Nice to meet you. My name is Kim Dokja."
My companions looked blankly at my words.
Kyung Sein didn't know what to say so her lips twitched, Dansu ahjussi had a pitiful expression on his face, and Ye Hyunwoo was looking at me like I was crazy.
Only the man at the window wearing the 'black wolf mask' showed a different reaction.
Even though he was wearing a mask, it was very obvious who he was.
I don't know where he got it from, but a man wearing a black coat that resembles Yoo Jonghyuk.
"I see. I guess you’ve finally arrived."
Wait a minute, isn’t that really Yoo Jonghyuk’s coat?
"I was waiting, Kim Dokja."
<!>[The 'event scenario' will begin soon.]
