<title>724 Episode 28 House (2)
To conclude, my companions recognized me.
Who are these people?
They are monsters that have read the main story once, or up to 100 times.
Even if other people don't know, they can't not recognize me just because I'm wearing a mask.
Even the oblivious Kyung Sein asked this in a whisper.
"Are there circumstances where you have to say 'Kim Dokja'?"
The 7th Apostle Ye Hyunwoo rolled his eyes, wondering why I said that, and Literature Girl 64 Cha Yerin was looking at me with bewildered eyes.
Dansu ahjussi looked like he was worried that I might have lost my mind, and finally, Killer King—
"Yes, Kim Dokja. Are you here to see me?"
When I thought about it, that person had always called me Kim Dokja.
I ignored him and continued talking.
"The event scenario is starting soon, so let’s start preparing the scenario."
"Oh, you don’t really have to worry about that."
"Yes? Why?"
"This scenario is safe as long as you stay at home."
Is it safe to stay at home?
"The same event has happened a few times in the meantime, but it was okay as long as we stayed home."
<!>[Event scenario will begin soon.]
<!>[The 'event scenario' in question is 'The Three Little Pigs'.]
I looked closely at the scenario message flashing before my eyes.
It was strange.
If the 'Three Little Pigs' story I know is true, then this 'house' is absolutely not safe.
"By the way, Inho… No, Dokja-ssi. How did you come here?"
"It’s similar to you guys."
"Ah, as expected, Dokja-ssi…"
"It looks like you’ve been through a lot of hard times."
"Don’t talk about it."
I heard briefly about the events so far from Kyung Sein.
The group that came here from Washington via the 'Star Ladder' was put into the 'Recycling Center' scenario early on.
As we heard, Killer King, Ye Hyunwoo, and Cha Yerin each ranked in the 'Zodiac Race' and chose 'Zone 13'.
Of course I thought that would be the case for them.
If you line up the rankings of incarnations on the Korean Peninsula, they will definitely be in the top ten.
Dansu ahjussi and Kyung Sein said that although they did not take first place, they chose 'Zone 13' among the options.
"When I arrived at Zone 13, I thought it was over. Wow, this is the hidden piece I’ve only heard about. This is the path of a protagonist!"
It's the main character's path.
Kim Dokja and Yoo Jonghyuk would have made the same choice.
Dansu ahjussi shook his head dully.
"This is hell."
In fact, the group members seemed to be in bad condition.
Not only was Kyung Sein in shabby clothes and Lee Dansu covered in soot, but even Cha Yerin looked like a beggar, Ye Hyunwoo was lying on the floor like a lethargic patient.
Kyung Sein said, shaking her head.
"We’re like that because we’re hungry. We haven’t eaten anything in days."
"Can’t we buy something to eat?"
"I do not have money."
"Can’t you just earn it?"
"Did you know that the currency here is 'recycled coins'?"
I nodded.
"Then you probably already know. The coins we collected are useless here."
"Yes, but still—"
"Oh, you just came here so you don’t know much about it. After all, this place doesn’t even appear in the novel."
Right. This is a place that does not appear in 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint'.
Yes, but…Do these people not know that 'recycled coins' are bottle caps?
There's no way that they don’t know what little Yoo Jonghyuk doesn't know .
"We’ve already been here for a month. We’re seniors here, so feel free to ask us anything."
"You’ve been here for a month already?"
"To be exact, a month and a week has passed!"
One month.
This meant that time inside the 'Recycling Center' passed at a different pace than the 'scenarios' on Earth.
It was a good thing for me.
The enemies I have to deal with in the future are giant nebulae targeting the 'Demon King of Salvation'.
In order to fight them, it was necessary to reserve strength for as long as possible.
"But what’s going on outside? What about Yoo Jonghyuk?"
Everyone here is a member who entered Washington with Yoo Jonghyuk. They might be curious about what happened so far.
"Yoo Jonghyuk is safe."
"Has he defeated the Demon Marquis? I heard that it is also a difficult enemy for Yoo Jonghyuk to defeat—"
The demon marquis.
As expected, the group members did not seem to know what happened at the Washington Dome.
That's because they must have climbed the 'star ladder' before Yoo Jonghyuk turned into the 'black beast'.
If they knew what happened so far, they would be shocked.
…Now that I think about it, these people don't even know that I signed a contract with the 'Demon King of Salvation'.
Honestly, I didn't even know what to explain.
"No, that’s strange. Does it make sense that the 'Demon Marquis' appears in the seventh scenario?"
That doesn't make sense.
"Who on earth would beat that scenario?"
I woke up.
"I wonder if there is a Demon King of Salvation—"
The Demon King of Salvation has awakened.
"If things continue like this, huge nebulae will soon come and ruin the entire scenario!"
What? Do you actually know everything that happened?
"Anyway, Yoo Jonghyuk has to come. There is no way to solve this scenario if the Supreme King doesn’t come."
I couldn't tell Kyung Sein, who was full of anticipation, that the kid next to me was actually Yoo Jonghyuk.
"However."
A unique ending to a speech.
It was Cha Yerin who opened her mouth.
"That."
"Yes. Please tell me."
"Little."
"Kid?"
"Who."
Why is Yerin suddenly speaking like that? The way she spoke was strange to begin with, but not to that extent.
Killer King, leaning against her window, interpreted her words.
"My sister is asking who that kid is."
The group's attention was focused on little Yoo Jonghyuk.
"Ah, this guy."
I was thinking about just saying that I picked him up on the way, but little Yoo Jonghyuk opened his mouth as if he had been waiting.
"I am-"
Little Yoo Jonghyuk looked back at my companions, then looked up at me one last time, frowned, and answered.
"According to this guy, my  name is 'Yoo Jonghyuk'."
It was a strange introduction, but it was the best answer for the current Yoo Jonghyuk.
My companions looked at me as if they were wondering what kind of joke this was.
I sighed lightly and started talking.
***
I briefly explained what had happened.
First, starting with the contract with the 'Demon King of Salvation'—
"No, who did you contract with?"
"The Demon King of Salvation."
"Who?"
"The Demon King of Salvation."
" Was he really— there?"
Looking at Kyung Sein’s almost fainting expression, I thought that if I had known that she would like it this much, I should have told her a long time ago.
"Yes."
With my answer, the house became almost festive. Kyung Sein and Lee Dansu, who were leaning on the table, embraced each other, Ye Hyunwoo, who had been lying down, got up, and Cha Yerin, who was sitting at the table, had tears in her eyes.
Everyone was happy except for Killer King, who muttered, "Then which one is the real Kim Dokja?"
To those happy people,
"Well, then the 'Demon King of Salvation' is…"
I couldn't possibly say that he was dead.
Strictly speaking, it is a bit ambiguous to say that he is 'dead'.
"He is  temporarily unavailable."
"But he must be the 'Demon King of Salvation', right? Is he the 'Demon King of Salvation' we know?"
"That."
My companions held their breath and looked at me.
"He seems to have a slightly bad personality, but he is the Demon King of Salvation."
Once again, the group cheered.
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, that’s true."
I slowly laid the groundwork to calm down my excited companions.
"But he might not be able to contact you for a while. You shouldn’t expect too much—"
"What do you mean?"
How should I say it?
These are all people who have fragments of Kim Dokja. They were the people who had waited for Kim Dokja in this world more than anyone else.
How can I report the truth to such people?
"By any chance… did he die after saving you again?"
I hesitated for a moment and answered.
"That is..."
When I didn't answer for a long time, Kyung Sein and Lee Dansu, who had been embracing each other, parted ways. Cha Yerin had tears in her eyes in a different way, and Ye Hyunwoo lay down again.
Only Killer King muttered, "Kim Dokja is one again."
"What should I do! What should I do! What should I do!"
"Well, calm down."
"It’s all over now!"
Kyung Sein screamed.
"We can't use our skills, and we can't use our Stigmas ! We can't even get support from our sponsors here! We don't even have any stories, and now even Kim Dokja—"
Kyung Sein, whose spirit had collapsed upon hearing the news of the Demon King of Salvation, stumbled.
I quickly added, covering little Yoo Jonghyuk’s ears with both hands.
"It’s okay. I’ll do my best."
"Well, of course… I’m glad you came, but—"
Kyung Sein looked like she didn't know what was going on.
Still, I can't help it. The 'Demon King of Salvation' is no longer with us.
However, the Demon King of Salvation recognized me as the youngest, so in situations where he was not around, I had to take on the role of 'Kim Dokja'.
"Even though he became a little kid, Yoo Jonghyuk came here too."
"So, why did Yoo Jonghyuk become a kid?"
"Let me explain it again…"
While the group was in confusion, Killer King with his arms crossed spoke to little Yoo Jonghyuk.
"You are not Yoo Jonghyuk."
Then little Yoo Jonghyuk looked up at me as if he was confused.
"Wasn’t I Yoo Jonghyuk?"
"You can just ignore what he says."
Seriously, I want to quit being Kim Dokja.
<!>[The 'event scenario' is currently in progress.]
Along with the scenario message being heard once again, the sound of an explosion was heard from afar.
I took a quick look around the house. The window frame looks like it will crumble if you just touch it, and the pillars are awkwardly erected. No matter how you looked at it, it was a roughly made wooden building.
"Let’s talk about the details later. Is it really okay for it to stay like this?"
"Hey, it’s okay. It’s a sturdy house."
"It’s okay. I’ve been through the same scenario several times already."
Kyung Sein and Dansu ahjussi answered optimistically.
I looked at the two people blankly and asked.
"What is that behind you?"
"Oh, this. Isn’t it cute?"
A squirrel tail was growing behind Kyung Sein’s buttocks.
It wasn't just Kyung Sein.
If you look closely, you will see that something is on the back of Dansu ahjussi.
It had a thick shell that looked like that of a turtle.
Ye Hyunwoo had panda ears sticking out on his head, and Cha Yerin... Honestly, I don't know. If you look at the way she speaks or moves, it seems like something has changed.
The only one that didn't change at all was Killer King.
Next, I heard Killer King’s [telepathicsound] in my ears.
—These guys have already made a mistake.
Killer King was the only 'incarnation wearing a mask' among them.
A mask. It’s a mask.
For reference, the following sentence appears in 'Ways of Survival' regarding masks:
<&>「Only humans wear the mask of 'another creature' than themselves.」
Only humans.
My back felt cold.
