<title>726 Episode 28 House (4)
It was not simply an incarnation of a Constellation with increased synchronization. That was truly the 'incarnation body' of the Constellation himself.
Why is there a guy like that in a place like this?
The nightmare of Washington East emerged again. Memories of being chased by the Constellations along with the 'Demon King of Salvation'.
I came all the way here to avoid them, but I met a Constellation here too.
<!>[The story 'Heir of the Eternal Name' looks at you pitifully.]
No. Now is not the time to feel intimidated.
<!>[The story 'Recorder of Things That Will Disappear' tells you to come to your senses.]
Now that I think about it, since when have stories been able to express their opinions to me?
<!>[The story 'Tenacious Martial Arts Expert' says that anything can be done as long as you are persistent.]
Right. Whoever my opponent was, I also didn't have a very easy story to tell.
Above all, my sponsor is the 'Demon King of Salvation'.
As I observed the incarnation of the Constellation while taking deep, light breaths, the composition of the story that made up the incarnation caught my eye.
<!>[Exclusive attribute effect activates!]
Now, I guess my sense of vision has improved, and I was able to read fragments of the other person's story just by paying attention.
<&>「I like Little Red Riding Hood」
<&>「Good at collecting wind」
<&>「I hate brick houses」
…
Fragments of old and sick stories are visible.
<!>[The story that makes up this incarnation has been greatly worn.]
Kim Dokja said:
There is no scenario that cannot be conquered.
<!>[During the event scenario, 'wolves' are not killed by other animals.]
I was reminded of Kim Dokja's 'Revolutionary Scenario'.
For example, the 'wolf' now had the same role as the Executioner of the Demon World.
A position that enters a kind of 'invincible state' during the time when the scenario occurs.
If this scenario were the same, there was also a way to somehow endure the 'night' phase of the wolf and then aim for 'day' when its weaknesses were exposed.
If only it weren't a Constellation.
<@>[Young wolf. Do you want to die?]
At the Constellation's voice, Killer King was taken aback and took a step back.
Even if it is a weakened Constellation, there is an indescribable difference in rank from a normal incarnation.
Killer King probably also knew that fact. That's why he probably chose to survive by protecting his companions instead of attacking the scenario.
Unlike during the Demon World, there are not even 'Revolutionaries' in this scenario.
There is no way to kill that 'wolf', day or night.
Killer King came to that conclusion.
<&>「The incarnation can only be killed through the rules of the 'Event Scenario'.」
In my head, I remembered the contents of 'The Three Little Pigs'.
According to the story, a 'brick house' is needed to deal with the 'wolf'.
However, there are no 'bricks' in this worldview.
<@>[If you had chosen 'Wolf', you would have known. Weak animals are eaten. It is neither sad nor painful. It's just the providence of the story.]
"I gave the hippopotamus's front leg."
<@>[I won’t say it twice. Offer one of the 'livestock' you raise. Then, I will leave obediently today.]
Finally, Killer King showed his teeth. Before we knew it, Killer King, who had taken out his bowgun, took a step back and aimed at the wolves.
"Maybe there’s another way to just kill you all here."
The leading wolves frowned.
In this 'Event Scenario', the wolf is not killed by 'other animals'.
That meant that they could be killed by  other wolves.
Even if there was a Constellation over there, if Killer King had his heart set on it, there was no way he wouldn't be able to catch a wolf or two.
—Kim Dokja. It'll be there.
Killer King’s [Transmission] was heard in my ears.
—Run away with your companions. Since you have packed your luggage in advance, you can leave through the back door.
Killer King smiled as he caught a glimpse of where I was hiding.
—Don’t worry about me. I won't die.
Actually, I don't think Killer King is very similar to Yoo Joonghyuk. It is the same as Kim Dokja, who constantly shouted, "I am Yoo Joonghyuk," and cannot become Yoo Joonghyuk.
The reason I'm shaking now is probably because I read 'Ways of Survival' right before I came here.
<&>「"I will not die."」
That's what Yoo Joonghyuk of 'Ways of Survival' always said right before he died.
I won't die.
Yoo Joonghyuk always left those words behind when he died.
To Yoo Joonghyuk himself, those words must have been true. Because he is a Regressor who never dies.
But are those words true for those left behind after his death?
<@>[Kill him.]
At the same time as the Constellation gave an order, three wolves rushed towards Killer King.
In an instant, the wolf's claws rushed in, aiming at Killer King's front, back, left and right sides.
<@>[The story fragment 'Heir of the Black Coat' begins its storytelling!]
When did he collect such story fragments?
Killer King's brilliant coat fluttering gesture made his claws snap off cleanly.
A fierce lion's roar erupted from the corner of Killer King's mouth with a heartless smile.
<@>[Fragment of the story 'A person who resembles the voice of the Supreme King' shouts loudly!]
I thought he might be able to imitate regression, but of course I didn't have the courage to test that.
Killer King, who was hit on the back of the head, gritted his teeth and let out a loud noise.
—Kim Dokja! hurry!
It is actions, not words, that determine a person's essence. Sincere actions remain as stories, and they are talked about and become stories.
<!>[The story 'The Lone Savior' begins its storytelling.]
The legend accumulated by Killer King was shining brightly.
It is not the same as Yoo Joonghyuk's, but it is no less noble.
That narrative dominated Killer King. It was leading him to his death.
"If you leave him like that, he will die."
Little Yoo Joonghyuk was right.
If we leave him like this, Killer King will die.
Just like Sergeant Jung Moonho in Seoul Station and Jung Jaewoo in the Theater Dungeon.
"Yoo Joonghyuk. Let me ask you a favor."
"Ask?"
Little Yoo Joonghyuk looked up at me. Facing his suspicious eyes, I searched for items in the 'Dokkaebi Bag'.
This worldview is a place where the use of 'Skills' and 'Stigmata' is prohibited. The effect of the item is also halved and it cannot perform as well as it should.
In other words, no matter what I buy from the 'Dokkaebi Bag', there is no way to kill that 'Wolf Constellation'.
However, it may be possible if it takes some time.
<!>[1,000 coins were consumed in the 'Dokkaebi Bag'.]
<!>[The item 'Red Riding Hood (Replica)' has been acquired.]
I placed the items purchased through the 'Dokkaebi Bag' on little Yoo Joonghyuk’s head.
<!>[The item's effect increases the target's attention!]
Little Yoo Joonghyuk was startled and struggled.
The effect of this item is simple.
The wearer becomes a little cuter, more appetizing, and attracts attention.
Although the effect of the item is halved here, this should be enough for now.
"What are you doing—"
The moment little Yoo Joonghyuk, who had barely peeked his head out of the hood, stood up, the gaze of the wolf Constellation turned towards him.
<!>[The Constellation 'The Wolf Who Loves Little Red Riding Hood' finds prey!]
If that wolf was a normal Constellation, it wouldn't have fallen into this trap.
But there was something different about him.
I was confident because I had already met several other Constellations.
An unstable status for a Constellation.
The story contained in its incarnation was unbalanced, and its 'character' was not perfect.
A rag-like incarnation made up of old story fragments that have not been properly repaired for a long time.
Crucially, 'The Three Little Pigs' was not the only story that constituted the incarnation of the wolf.
<!>[The story 'The Wolf Who Covets Little Red Riding Hood' begins its storytelling.]
Constellations that have lived for a long time have difficulty distinguishing between their own will and the will of the story.
As the story began its storytelling, the instinct of the guy who had been consumed by the story awakened.
<@>[Little Red Riding Hood.]
Its bright red, bloodshot eyes began to shine, and it started running toward little Yoo Joonghyuk, wagging its tail like a mad dog.
I nodded solemnly towards little Yoo Joonghyuk.
"Let’s run."
"You—"
"If you don’t run fast, you will die."
Little Yoo Joonghyuk gritted his teeth and looked back at me and said.
"I will definitely kill you, Kim Dokja."
Almost at the same time, I ducked for cover.
With the fierce wind blowing, Yoo Joonghyuk and the new form of the wolf Constellation disappeared at the same time.
Coo coo coo coo coo.
When I looked up outside the cover, I saw little Yoo Joonghyuk running away and a wolf Constellation chasing after him.
It was a dangerous sight, as if he was about to be caught, but Yoo Joonghyuk will be fine. I don't know if the guy's stamina was as low as before, but Yoo Joonghyuk's stamina had recovered quite a bit now.
I saw him sitting on my shoulder, secretly taking out an elixir from his pocket, and consuming it with my own eyes.
He eats eight meals a day, so he should have fully recovered by now.
That's not all.
<!>[The effect of the item 'White Rat Mask' is activated!]
<!>['Animal Mask' does not receive the 'performance reduction effect' of the corresponding world view.]
Is it because it is a 'Zodiac' worldview?
'Mask' is the only item here that maintains its original performance.
If the effect of 'Rat Mask', which won first place in the 'Zodiac Race', is that there will be no chance of getting caught for a while.
"You guys."
Meanwhile, Killer King, who had defeated all the other wolves, turned to look at me.
Indeed, Killer King is the Second Apostle.
Is it possible to subdue a wolf that is not a Constellation without using skills or stigmata?
Killer King wiped away his bloody nose and said, glaring in this direction.
"Do you know what you did?"
"I know."
"The southern part of Zone 13 is the territory of the 'wolves'. Now you—"
"I am the enemy of the wolves."
Killer King looked at me as if he was dumbfounded and muttered.
"Have you really become Kim Dokja?"
We started collecting items and story fragments from the fallen wolves.
Some of the story fragments were useful and some were trash.
Not all stories are recycled when they enter the 'Recycling Center'.
"It’s not too late. If you’re going to leave, now is your only chance."
Killer King, who was picking up items, stood up and said.
"Go to another Zodiac Area. You haven’t lost your mask yet, so there must be a way to escape. I will take care of the rest of the group somehow."
"I don’t like it."
"Kim Dokja.”
At first glance, a scar was revealed on the back of Killer King's hand. It was a wound that had never appeared before.
"This is only the eighth scenario. Do you know how many of the characters we know died on the way to here?"
"…"
"You don’t necessarily need everyone to see the ending."
What Killer King said was right.
Not all characters are needed for the ending of this world.
"I and my companions have now accepted it. This world is not the 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' we used to know.”
No one knows how many more people will die on the journey to the end.
Some people will live and some people will die. Some will be forgotten and others will be remembered.
I also know Killer King knew.
This story will not end with a beautiful ending like a fairy tale.
"I need you to get the ending I want."
"It’s typical of Kim Dokja to be unreasonable. Are you really going to take on that role? I’m sure you know what that means."
I quietly looked into Killer King’s eyes. Now I had no choice but to admit it. That person really read 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' a hundred times.
He really knows what I'm thinking.
I opened my mouth, feeling inexplicably comforted by that fact.
"I know."
"Even though you know that—"
"You seem to be mistaken, but the reason you are needed is because you are so useful."
No matter what I do, I cannot become 'Kim Dokja, the Demon King of Salvation'.
Just as Killer King cannot become 'Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk' no matter what he does.
Killer King looked at me with blank eyes for a moment, then smiled brightly.
"I see. Somebody needs help…"
"Yeah."
Killer King's eyebrows twitched.
"Is there some kind of solution? As of now, even if you and I work together, we can’t catch that wolf."
"In theory, yes. But isn’t there something strange about this scenario?"
"Strange?"
"The name is 'The Three Little Pigs', but the structure of the scenario is very similar to a scenario we know. The wolf’s position and, of course, the fact that the scenario begins at 'night'."
A game to catch a 'werewolf' that kills people by biting them every night.
We already know a ‘scenario’ that is very similar to that.
"Have you ever wondered why this center is called 'Recycling Center'?"
Recycle. It literally means to reuse something that has been used. Killer King, who was thinking about something in response to my question, took a deep breath and muttered.
"No way…"
I don't know who the director of this 'Recycling Center' is or for what purpose this stage was designed. But.
"If what I think is right…"
I swept the dirt off the floor and gauged the flow of the surrounding stories.
Since when did it start?
One by one, the group approached behind Killer King.
Kyung Sein, Dansu ahjussi, Ye Hyunwoo. And even Cha Yerin.
I thought as I looked at them.
Only the eighth scenario.
As Killer King said, many readers have died. Readers died again and again, as if the world was hostile to them.
"We are the people in the world who can tell this story better than anyone else."
Nevertheless, 'Kim Dokja' still did not die.
"Let’s start the 'Revolutionary Game' now."
From now on, it is Kim Dokja’s time.
