<title>727 Episode 28 House (5)
"From now on, we will become 'little pigs'."
<!>[Someone declared 'Little Pig'!]
I smiled bitterly as I looked at the scenario message blinking in the air. Again, this scenario is similar to the Demon World's 'Revolutionary Game'.
<!>[Some Constellations from the Chinese Zodiac are interested in this declaration.]
I checked the indirect messages floating in the air and summarized the facts I learned after entering this 'center'.
<&>「One, incidents at this 'Recycling Center' are not reported outside of the center.」
This was what was described in the 'Ways of Survival'. Originally, the 'Recycling Center' was a place where incarnations of small and medium-sized nebulae strengthened their power to fight against the 'Giant Nebulae'. Naturally, the Constellations of the 'Giant Nebulae' cannot know what is happening here.
<&>「Two, the only ones who have jurisdiction over events within this 'Recycling Center' are the Constellations related to the 'Recycling Center'.」
This is also an extension of the first fact.
In other words, only the zodiac or animal Constellations can observe the affairs of this '13th Zone'.
<!>[The Constellation 'The First Pig to Die' is looking forward to your performance.]
<!>[The Constellation 'The Nail-Eating Rat' pays attention to your judgment.]
This at least lowered the possibility that <Asgard>, <Olympus>, and other large nebulae that had been bothering me would directly intervene in the situation.
The task at hand now is to recreate「The Three Little Pigs」.
That's the only way to deal with the wolf, which isn’t invincible only at night.
I asked, looking around at my companions.
"First of all, could you please tell me what kind of animal each of you became?"
"I… as you can see, I’m a squirrel."
"I’m a turtle."
Kyung Sein is a squirrel. Dansu ahjussi is a turtle.
Ye Hyunwoo, who was pursing his lips in annoyance, looks like a panda, and lastly, Cha Yerin—
"Sna (달)."
Cha Yerin, who had spoken up to that point, was unable to continue speaking for a long time. Instead, it was Killer King who answered again.
"She’s a snail (달팽)."
Cha Yerin slowly lowered her head, perhaps because she was embarrassed that she had become a snail.
Now that I think about it, all the people gathered here have become animals that have nothing to do with the 'Zodiac'. Is it a coincidence?
"Are there any 'pigs' by any chance?"
Now that I think about it, while coming here, I have never once encountered any animals belonging to the Chinese zodiac. Although I saw similar animals, most of them were subtypes or variants.
"There can’t be a pig. This is Zone 13. You would know what that means."
It was only after hearing Killer King's answer that I became convinced of the meaning behind the name of this place.
Zone 13.
All of the incarnations here did not enter the Chinese zodiac.
"Now that I think about it, what kind of animal are you?"
"I didn’t choose an animal."
"I know you chose to wear a no-animal mask. But even if you chose a no-face mask, you end up using an animal mask."
You end up wearing an animal mask?
"That mask is designed to understand the user’s story and change into the most appropriate animal mask. But you—"
I looked at my reflection in the window of a nearby building. My mask was still a maskless mask.
A face where no animal shape is visible.
I looked at the smooth surface of the mask for a moment and then turned around.
"It’s okay. It’s not important right now. The only time Yoo Joonghyuk can earn is about 20 minutes at most."
Currently, 'The Wolf Who Loves Little Red Riding Hood' is chasing after Yoo Joonghyuk, a kid wearing a hood.
No matter how much of a Constellation in love with stories he is, he will come to his senses in about 20 minutes.
Before Yoo Joonghyuk, who became Little Red Riding Hood, is eaten by the wolf, we must somehow establish an operation.
"The operation is simple. To recreate 'The Three Little Pigs'."
"I would have said that was impossible."
Killer King frowned and walked away.
"It wasn’t just fools who chose the 'pig camp'. We also tried to do something similar to you at first."
"What exactly did you do?"
"I was planning on hiding in the house and killing him with a brick, just like the original story."
"Yes?"
I thought I had heard something wrong.
"Do you know what The Three Little Pigs is about?"
Killer King nodded confidently and answered.
"It’s a story about the three little pigs killing a wolf with a brick."
In what universe is this「The Three Little Pigs」?
If you think about it broadly, it was difficult to see that the story was completely wrong, but in any case, it seemed clear that Killer King did not know the exact original story.
When I looked at the other party members, it was Kyung Sein who answered first.
"Actually, I haven’t read many fairy tales."
Even if it's a famous story, at least one person may not know it.
I turned to Ye Hyunwoo. Of course the smart 7th apostle would know this.
Ye Hyunwoo asked back, scratching his cheek in annoyance.
"Um, like an old-fashioned version of Baby Shark?"
Come to think of it,『The Three Little Pigs』is already an old story.
It's natural that friends these days don't know.
But what about Dansu ahjussi?
"That’s because my Jiyoon doesn’t like fairy tales…"
"..."
"It’s been so long since I read anything. Heh heh. Heh heh."
I looked at Literature Girl 64 Cha Yerin, my last hope. Then she, Cha Yerin, secretly avoided my eyes.
"You really don’t know? No?"
"My younger sister only read complete world literature and Korean novels."
I was devastated.
Does this mean that none of them know 'The Three Little Pigs'?
I remembered hearing somewhere that the average amount of reading per year for Koreans was 1.5 books.
Still, there are people among them who have read 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' a hundred times, so does it make sense that they do not know famous fairy tales such as 'The Three Little Pigs'?
Wait a minute, when I thought about it, wouldn't reading 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' 100 times mean that they were deprived of the opportunity to read other books?
"So... you planned along well and attacked?"
In response to my question, the panda who had read 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' fifty times nodded confidently.
"To be exact, we couldn’t find bricks, so we fought with stones. It was a brilliant plan aimed at staging it."
"So the staging occurred?"
"That…"
The panda became sullen. The wolf, who had read the 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint' a hundred times, added, shaking his head.
"So everyone lost their masks. As expected, if I hadn’t chosen the 'wolf camp' with my genius judgment, everyone would have been wiped out."
It seems that Killer King did not participate in the operation, but hid alone and chose the 'wolf camp'.
"There was no other way. In a world without bricks, there is no way to fight against them. As you can see, the leader of the wolves is a Constellation."
"It’s a half-formed Constellation. There is a way to kill it."
"You’re probably trying to use 'staging' too, right?"
I nodded.
Although my companions failed, 'staging' is always activated in scenarios with stories as a motif. That's for sure.
"But there are no bricks in this worldview."
I know.
In this world, there are no houses made of bricks and no walls made of bricks.
It was as if someone had deliberately cut out the concept of 'brick' from this world.
It's probably the wolves' doing.
They destroyed all the bricks in Zone 13 to prevent this scenario from proceeding normally.
But that didn't mean there wasn't a way to get bricks.
"Let’s buy it."
I called 'Dokkaebi Bag' in my head. The 'Dokkaebi Bag' can also be used here. Even if you go to Moro, you only have to go to Seoul.
<!>[The 'brick' item cannot be purchased in this world.]
That's how it comes out.
I then opened an 'exchange'.
Fortunately, there were bricks at the exchange. A lot of that too.
+
Old Brick — 50,000 C
+
50,000 coins each?
<!>[A very small number of Constellations are chuckling at you.]
I understand roughly how things work. It's definitely the work of the Constellations who sell items through gaps in the scenario like this.
It's not that I couldn't buy it if I wanted to, but I didn't want to enrich the merchants like this.
Even just buying that doesn't mean you can build a brick house.
Kyung Sein asked in a nervous voice.
"What should I do? Should I dig up any stone?"
"Bricks are made of clay, not stone."
"Really? Really? How do you know?"
How do I know? It's a story that also appears in 'Ways of Survival'.
"All you have to do is mix sand or petrified clay and heat it at a high temperature of over 1,100 degrees. This is the method of making 'clay bricks' as we know them."
"Were you originally a bricklayer?"
Again, this is an explanation that also appears in 'Ways of Survival'.
I don't know why that was even explained, but there was an explanation anyway.
"You said that the method is sand and petrification, right? If you can somehow get it—"
"It’s impossible to build it in time. Plus, you have to build a house."
It was a strange scenario to begin with.
With wolves coming right around the corner, does it make sense to build a 'brick house' by making bricks that will take a year to make?
Was this scenario really designed to be cleared that way?
"There was no 'Revolutionary' in the revolutionary scenario."
It was Killer King who said those words.
'And there are no 'brick houses' here."
I looked at Killer King. Then Killer King also looked at me.
"Perhaps."
"If I’m right."
I hate to admit it, but we were thinking the same thing.
"This scenario resembles the 'revolutionary scenario'."
There is a 'brick house' in this world.
"I think I found a solution."
However, no one admits that it is a 'brick house'.
***
After a while, we arrived at the hotel 'Fox and Crane'.
As soon as I kicked in the door, a startled crane jumped out screaming.
"What’s happening all of a sudden?"
"I’m going to stay here for a day."
"I’m sorry, but there are no rooms available right now, so please leave."
I ignored the crane owner's words and looked around the inside of the inn.
Looking around the inside, it was an ordinary wooden building.
"It’s an ordinary wooden building."
Killer King said after returning from examining the outside wall of the inn.
"The interior and exterior walls are quite solid, but they don’t look like they were made of any other materials. At least that’s what the naked eye sees."
A crane with a pale complexion shouted.
"I don’t know what you’re thinking, but please go away. I don’t want to get involved anymore!"
"The house is very sturdy. There isn’t a single scratch, and it looks like it’s quite old."
"Because we worked hard to build that—"
"Who built this?"
At my question, the crane gasped and took a deep breath.
"I can’t tell you."
"This is a wooden building, right?"
"Of course it’s a wooden building!"
"I guess so."
I said, lightly digging my ear.
"Even the building says so."
<!>[Fragment of the story 'The House That Is Not a Brick House' continues its storytelling.]
I don't know what kind of trick was used, but this building had 'fragments of stories' embedded in it.
To be exact, it was only stuck in this building in the entire area.
<!>[Fragment of the story 'The House That Is Not a Brick House' continues its storytelling.]
At first, I had no idea where the sound was coming from, but I was convinced only after passing by the inn a few times.
"It is not a brick house."
There’s something strange about this inn.
"It’s strange. Anyone can see that it is not a brick house, but you are saying that it is not a brick house."
"What?"
"It means that a person who is not a liar does not have to say that he is not a liar."
"…"
"What on earth are you hiding?"
"Now, you guys don’t know anything. Don’t get involved in this scenario!"
I slowly reached out to the inner wall of the house. Killer King and his companions subdued the owner who ran towards me while shouting.
As I closed my eyes, I immediately heard the birth of a story within the wall.
<!>[Fragment of the story 'The House That Is Not a Brick House' begins to tremble.]
I slowly grabbed the fragment of the story stuck on the wall. It would be a good idea to just pull it out like this, but there was something I wanted to test.
<!>[The sub-skill 'Sentence Enhancement' is activated!]
<!>[You can enter your actions.]
<!>[The action you entered will be 'reinforced'.]
As expected, [Sentence Enhancement] can now be used again.
<&>「Sentence Enhancement is a skill that is activated and even ignored scenario restrictions.」
I always used this skill only to strengthen [Incite].
However, wouldn’t it be possible to use this skill a little differently?
<!>[Fragment of the story 'The House That Is Not a Brick House' stops its storytelling.]
For example, slightly modifying the 'story' that has already been written.
