<title>731 Episode 28 House (9)
The wolf constellation, whose expression was distorted, shouted.
<!>[What nonsense—]
Even when I thought about it, it was crazy.
It might sound strange to say that we would steal the story of 「The Three Little Pigs」. However, if this <Star Stream> really was a world that worked as I thought and as Kim Dokja read, it was not an impossible story at all.
"Shut up and listen to me."
The tone of my voice was unfamiliar. Is this really my voice, or is it the remnants of the story that the 'Demon King of Salvation' left me?
<!>[The story 'Heir of the Eternal Name' listens to your story.]
It didn't matter either way.
However, if Kim Dokja is also reading this story, if he is also seeing me from somewhere in this world,
<!>[A constellation whose modifier has not yet been revealed is looking at you.]
At least I want to tell him a story that is not embarrassing.
"However, you must not summon just any 'Outer God'."
I took a deep breath and spat out the words. Because now is the important part.
"The Outer God to be summoned is—"
The surrounding wind was getting stronger again. I desperately raised my voice. I couldn't tell if the wolf heard me or not.
<!>[The constellation 'The First Pig To Die' is furious!]
The sparks that came from the wolf's whole body bounced me away. In the dizzy spinning vision, something small caught me.
It was little Yoo Jonghyuk.
He picked me up and quickly ran towards the brick house. Kyung Sein quickly came out to meet us, pushed little Yoo Jonghyuk into the brick house and closed the door.
One by one, the prisoners hiding in the brick house looked up from between the tables and looked at me. Some people looked at me with resentment, and some looked at me with fear.
There were also people who were worried about me.
"What the hell are you thinking? You’re going to die! You’re really going to die!"
Kyung Sein was crying.
"What’s wrong with your head? You’ve really come to think that you’ve become Kim Dokja!"
Little Yoo Joonghyuk turned his head and looked up at Kyung Sein. However, it seemed like Kyung Sein had no energy left to defend the concept.
"Please, please, stay hidden here! You’ll be safe if you stay hidden."
The Kyung Sein I knew was a very timid person. She was the one who was afraid of the ground rats. The person who was hiding behind Jung Heewon.
But I also remember other aspects of her.
A person who endured Yoo Joonghyuk's hellish training.
A person who threw her body to stop monsters in order to save the characters in the novel.
A person who risked her life several times to protect me and the others.
"It’s a story that has nothing to do with us. Just stay still. Then it will pass."
She was never the type of person to say things like this.
"It doesn’t matter."
"Yes?"
"They are the ones who turned you into a prisoner."
I looked at my colleagues standing behind her. Ye Hyunwoo, Dansu ahjussi, and Cha Yerin.
"Didn’t you all come here before me? You probably know better than me what Zone 13 is like."
Solving event scenarios is important. But that alone wasn't enough.
My companions had already lost their masks and failed the scenario.
In order to save them, there is no choice but to break the 'rules of Zone 13'.
And for them.
<&>「I must face the <Zodiac>.」
Kyung Sein looked at me with blank eyes. Her eyebrows were fluttering.
"Aren’t you afraid of the constellations?"
"It’s scary."
It’s scary. It's really scary.
Because I was scared of those guys, I also ran all the way here.
"But I’ve also seen guys that are scarier than them
It was different from what I had imagined. The power of the stars was beyond what I thought.
The power to literally split mountains and seas.
Even now, when I close my eyes, the image of Ares fighting against the 'Demon King of Salvation' clearly comes to mind. I had no confidence that I could face such a monster.
"The enemy we must defeat is at a height so high that it cannot even be compared to that of the Zodiac."
However, even Ares was only one of the 12 gods of <Olympus>.
The sky in the <Star Stream> is so distant.
"We must not lose to the constellations. We must not see the world the way they see it. We must—"
No matter how hard I struggle, I cannot defeat the constellations now.
I could tell just by looking at their symbols. But I couldn't just obey their rules just because I couldn't beat them.
"We are readers."
Each of my colleagues raised their heads or looked at the ground to see what they were thinking.
In the short silence, the strong wind outside the house was gradually getting stronger.
It was Cha Yerin who opened her mouth first.
"How."
"My sister is asking how she can help."
"From now on, we will change the narrative."
The core of this event scenario is to change the fundamental story of 「The Three Little Pigs」.
Even if this is accomplished successfully, the changed narrative will be nothing more than dust.
But now I desperately wanted that one speck of dust.
"Just like Kim Dokja did."
"It is a story that has already been staged. You know that it is not easy to change."
"That’s true. But it’s not impossible either."
The power of 「staging」 once activated is absolute. The power of the stage overturns even differences in power.
At least as long as 「The Three Little Pigs」 is activated, the 'Wolf' will never be able to destroy the 'Brick House'.
"I’ve already created a foreshadowing."
If it's just an ordinary 'wolf'.
Coo coo coo coo coo.
This is a gamble.
Just as Kim Dokja risked his life every time, I too will have to risk my life this time.
Fortunately, we have this 'brick house'.
It may not be as reliable as the [fourth wall] that Kim Dokja had, but at least as long as this 'brick house' exists—
<!>[Story fragment 'Brick House' becomes stronger.]
We will definitely have an opportunity to turn this situation around.
It was then that the sound of the wind stopped.
I could see the wolf constellation fluttering outside the window. The guy's long Story’s shadow was finally reaching the sky.
<!>[The constellation 'Pig That Dies First' is greatly shocked!]
<!>[The constellation 'Pig That Built Its House Out of Wood' is furious at the wolf’s judgment!]
<!>[The constellation 'Liverless Rabbit' is surprised by the wolf’s choice!]
<!>[Some constellations belonging to the Nebula <Zodiac> condemn the atrocities of the wolves!]
Looking at the reactions of the constellations,
<!>[The constellation 'The Wolf Who Loves Little Red Riding Hood' is famous.]
It seemed like things were going well.
"This—"
Dansu ahjussi, who felt an unusual current, took a step back.
"Did he really summon an Outer God?"
Through the pitch-black dust, a small 'Great Hall' was visible in the sky. Although it was smaller than the 'Great Hall' I saw before, it was definitely a 'Great Hall'.
"Oh my god."
"Ah ah ah ah ah—"
"It’s all over! It’s all over!"
The prisoners who entered the inn together also seemed to know about the 'Great Hall' and held their heads under the table.
Well, they too must have been incarnations of scenarios at one time.
Tsutsutsu!
The probability aftermaths near the 'Great Hall' were weaker than usual.
I heard that the 'Recycling Center' has a thin border with the other world, so maybe that's why.
Unless—
<!>[A god of  the other world prepares for his descent.]
"Uh, what should we do, Dokja-ssi!"
Meanwhile, Kyung Sein, who had recovered a little bit of her mentality, started calling me Dokja.
"If even a 'Great Old One' appears—"
Then, from now on, I will have to live up to my name.
"Not all deities in this world are of the 'Great Old One' level. You know that."
Rather, most of the 'Outer Gods' are closer to nameless things. Strange monsters that have lost their ego and wander the world lines.
"Still, it’s a problem. If someone like the 'Dream Eater' shows up, Zone 13 will be over!"
"It would be of a lower level than that."
In the main story, the 'Dream Eater' descended.
However, the 'Dream Eater' is a being who has been summoned as a sacrifice by the story of a 'narrative-grade constellation'.
On the other hand, what was offered as a sacrifice this time was the story of a 'great-grade constellation', which had lost most of its own stories.
"If a guy like that had appeared, all the constellations would have run away. But look, they’re still watching."
<!>[Very few constellations are frightened by the existence of the 'Outer God'.]
<!>[The constellations from the Nebula <Zodiac> are astonished by the 'Outer God' who appears in the scenario!]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' makes an interested expression.]
Although they are afraid, they are maintaining their position. That means that the guy who appears now is at least of a lower grade than the 'Dream Eater'.
The next moment, the sound of something hitting the roof was heard.
Thud. Thud. Thud.
The house, which had been shielded from the wolf’s wind until now, was shaking precariously.
After all, no matter what it was summoned for, an 'Outer God' is an 'Outer God'.
<!>[Fragment of the story 'Brick House' falls silent.]
I said, putting my hand on the wall.
"Don’t worry. Even if it is an 'Outer God', they are not free from 「staging」."
Deities from another world.
Beings excluded from the scenario and wandering the outer reaches of the <Star Stream>.
However, that does not mean they are completely free from 'stories'. Once they become involved in a scenario, they also become bound by the rules of the scenario.
The problem is which guy showed up.
I glared at the darkness outside the window. However, perhaps because of the dust that filled the darkness, the descending god of the other world could not be seen.
I don't know, but he probably took over the body of the wolf constellation. And, following his will, he will try to destroy this 'Brick House'.
Kudddddddd.
The ground was shaking unusually.
A completely different sign than before.
"Kim Dokja."
Little Yoo Jonghyuk also had a serious expression.
"The 'wind' has changed."
I was feeling it too. The wind blowing from beyond this 'wall' was on a completely different level from the wind blowing from the wolf constellation so far.
It feels as if the god of storms had descended.
"What kind of Outer God has appeared—"
"Maybe something like the 'Wolf of Destruction' came?"
Ye Hyunwoo answered Kyung Sein’s question.
"The 'Wolf of Destruction' is not a god from another world. He is a constellation from <Asgard>."
"But Hyunwoo, are you able to speak normally?"
"Only the Seventh Apostle reacts like that."
The house began to shake violently.
I clung to the wall, trying my best to pretend to be calm. It was definitely not a reassuring situation.
"Everyone, please stick to the wall and supply magical power."
Little Yoo Jonghyuk was the first to come out, and the other members of the group also clung to the wall one by one.
The faces of the companions who sensed the shaking of the wall turned pale.
"Dokja-ssi, I don’t think I can last long. At this rate—"
"Don’t worry. It won’t break."
"But I think our magical power alone won’t be enough."
Right. It would take a huge amount of mana to maintain a 'brick house' of this size.
And above all—
"The brick house is barely a 'story fragment'."
It was just as little Yoo Jonghyuk said.
The status of the 'brick house’s story' was too low.
A 'fragment of a story' that did not even become a story.
Even lower class.
"But that’s okay. Brick houses don’t collapse, because—"
I added, grinning as I stared into the darkness beyond the sky.
"If this 'Brick House' breaks down, there are people who will lose something bigger than us."
<!>[The story 'The Three Little Pigs' stutters its storytelling.]
<!>[The constellation 'The First Pig To Die' urgently supports the story!]
<!>[The constellation 'Pig Building a House of Wood' requests reinforcement from other constellations!]
Killer King, who was tied to the chair, seemed to have realized my intention only then and groaned.
"No way, you Kim Dokja."
"Yes, that’s right."
"So, the deity of this world—"
Ye Hyunwoo also nodded his head as if he understood the situation.
"I see. If the 'wolf' wins here—"
"History will change. So the constellations can’t ever give up."
<!>[The story of 'The Three Little Pigs' continues.]
<!>[The story fragment 'Brick House' is strengthened!]
"Because this is their 'origin story'."
My operation is simple.
<&>「To simultaneously destroy the constellations of the Chinese zodiac and the 'God of the Other World'.」
The constellations hidden in the darkness were not visible.
But I could feel their anger and fear.
"They can never give up. So—"
Not ending this 「stage」 until all the stars fall.
<!>[The synchronization rate between you and your sponsor increases significantly!]
"Let’s create a story that will last forever."
<!>[The story 'Heir of the Eternal Name' smiles mysteriously.]
