<title>732 Episode 28 House (10)
Lee Jihye still remembers the day she first met Kim Dokja.
In the dark Chungmuro Station tunnel, a man with a white face appeared like a ghost through the Specter area.
<&>「"Who  are you guys? Don’t you know that this area is our hunting ground?"」
Right. That was her first meeting with Kim Dokja.
<&>「"…Did you guys come here after defeating the specters?"」
Lee Jihye stood in the tunnel, looking down at the fragments of the story that continued their storytelling.
"Ahjussi, if you’re in a place like this, they're  scattered ."
She bent down and picked up a fragment of her story. This fragment was the purpose of her visit to this 'world line'.
<!>[The story fragment 'First Meeting with the Sea Admiral' has been obtained.]
Lee Jihye smiled faintly after checking the name of the story fragment.
"This also becomes a story."
She’s a little happy.
This meeting remains recorded. She realized that her ahjussi made up a part of her that she cherished during her time living with him.
"Hmm. I guess it’s no longer here."
After retrieving the fragment, Lee Jihye looked around her several times before activating the Kim Dokja tracker that Lee Seolhwa had made.
<!>[There are no 'Kim Dokja Fragments' in this world line.]
Her mission, she said in <Kim Dokja Company>, is to collect Kim Dokja’s fragments scattered around the world.
At first, she was with her companions, but after 'a number of Kim Dokja fragments were discovered in the 41st round', the only one left to wander around other world lines and collect the story fragments was Lee Jihye.
So many months.
Finally, the 'fragments' of the target were almost resolved.
"It’s been a while since I’ll be returning home. Biyoo! Send me back!"
A moment later, a 'baaat' sound was heard in her head and the portal inside her swirled around, sucking her into it.
<!>[You have reached the target dimension.]
"Utcha."
The transfer was instantaneous.
When she first started traveling around the world, she wasn't able to travel back and forth this fast, so perhaps her metaphorical abilities have grown over time.
Lee Jihye, who came out of the portal, took in a breath and shouted loudly.
"I’m here—!"
But despite her cries, there was no sign of her companions.
Lee Jihye felt a little sad and trudged her feet to find her companions.
"I’m here! Where has everyone gone!"
The moment she opened the transmission room and turned down the hallway across from her.
"Ah, is Jihye here?"
"Seolhwa unnie!"
She ran into Lee Seolhwa, who looked tired for some reason.
Lee Seolhwa immediately grabbed Lee Jihye's wrist and muttered something to her, then nodded her head and said:
"You’re healthy. Your balance is stable, I was worried a lot."
"Why are you worried about other people?"
"Huh? Jihye noona!"
When she turned around, she saw Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosoung coming out of the room.
"Unnie!"
Shin Yoosoung rushed over and hugged Lee Jihye.
"Wow, you’ve grown up a lot, my little girl."
She stroked Shin Yoosoung’s head. Seeing Lee Jihye and Shin Yoosoung getting along well, Lee Gilyoung made a yuck sound.
“What about Sangah unnie?"
Shin Yoosoung suddenly raised her head and answered.
"She’s in the observation room. We’re all on our way there at the same time."
"Is Master there too?"
"The sooty guy is in the closed training room."
"Again? Master says I have some training left to do."
"He’s recovering from internal injuries."
"Has Master suffered internal injuries?"
"He got into a fight with a myth-grade constellation."
A mythical constellation.
Lee Jihye's expression hardened slightly.
"Mythical grade?"
There were almost no constellations left that could pose a threat to the current <Kim Dokja Company>.
However, if the target is 'myth-grade', the story is a little different.
"Odin. And the narrative-grade scoundrels of <Asgard>."
Lee Jihye opened her mouth.
"What, did Master really turn the situation around?"
"That bastard is as strong as he was originally."
"No, that’s only when the conditions are the same! That’s their world line. What about the probability aftermath?"
"That’s why he got hurt like that."
"Sooyoung said you left it alone?"
When Han Sooyoung's name came up, the expressions of her companions visibly darkened.
Lee Jihye asked while carefully observing the eyes of her companions.
"What’s wrong with everyone’s expressions? Why did Master fight with Odin? Did Dokja ahjussi even show up?"
Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosoung looked at each other.
Lee Jihye felt trouble.
"Wait a minute. Really?"
"To be exact, it was a 'hugely large fragment' of hyung."
"A huge fragment?"
"A fragment with the story of 'Demon King of Salvation'."
"At that level, he’s almost like him, isn’t he?"
"He’s not 100% my hyung."
In response to Lee Gilyoung's answer, Shin Yoosoung glared at Lee Gilyoung.
Lee Jihye observed the nervous battle between the two, then tapped the two children on the shoulders and opened her mouth.
"Lee Gilyoung. That’s what I thought about when I was walking around collecting fragments."
"One thought."
"After all, no human being can be 100 percent."
At that solemn declaration, Shin Yoosoung suddenly raised her head, and Lee Seolhwa also muttered, "Oh my," and covered her mouth.
Lee Jihye let out a triumphant voice towards Lee Gilyoung, who was making a bad expression.
"Why? Are you impressed by this sister’s insight?"
"It’s amazing that my noona thought of something like that."
"Do you want to hang upside down for the first time in a long time? Anyway, what I want to say is—"
"You’re saying I should accept it even if my hyung’s return isn’t 100% perfect."
"Hmm..."
"Do you think I'm stupid? I know that too. But—"
In the first place, no human being can be '100 percent'. Because humans always lose and forget something.
The only thing Lee Gilyoung is afraid of is.
"What if hyung, who I barely got back, forgot about noona?"
"Uh?"
"Can you still say that? Can you say with confidence that it’s okay even if he’s not 100% hyung?"
Lee Jihye looked blankly into Lee Gilyoung’s eyes. And then she saw Shin Yoosoung and again Lee Seolhwa.
"That’s not possible. Of course he has to remember me."
"What, just now—"
"It’s unfair. I can’t even go to MIT and I’m doing this here, and if that person had forgotten about me—"
"You didn’t get accepted into college."
"It’s okay. He remembers me, so I don’t have to worry about that."
"How does noona know that?"
"You’ll be surprised when you see what I brought."
Lee Jihye, with a meaningful expression on her face, put her hand into her backpack.
But where were they?
Apparently, the fragments of Kim Dokja that she had put in her backpack were not in her hands.
That couldn't have been possible.
She has certainly collected a lot from her travels around the world —
"Eh?"
The moment Lee Jihye dropped her backpack on the floor in surprise, something quickly jumped out from inside her backpack.
Lee Jihye's eyes widened.
"Oh my god."
Shin Yoosoung screamed.
"Ahjussi!"
Kkoma Kim Dokja, the size of a small doll, was looking up at his companions.
The first to move were Shin Yoosoung and Lee Gilyoung.
"Where!"
"Move, Shin Yoosoung!"
Kkoma Kim Dokja ran somewhere to avoid the two children.
"Catch him!"
The group hurriedly chased after kkoma Kim Dokja.
How long did they run like that?
"Ah."
The place kkoma Kim Dokja headed to was the observation room where Yoo Sangah was located.
The sound of a door opening.
Yoo Sangah and kkoma Kim Dokja, who were checking the monitor in the observation room, met their other’s eyes.
Yoo Sangah looked down at kkoma Kim Dokja, who opened his mouth in surprise. Kkoma Kim Dokja raised both of his hands towards Yoo Sangah. Looking down at the kkoma Kim Dokja whom Yoo Sangah knew, she soon smiled bitterly and asked.
"Did you miss me that much?"
Yoo Sangah stretched out her hand and carefully picked up the kkoma Kim Dokja and placed him on her table.
As the gaze changed from day to day, kkoma Kim Dokja's eyes turned to the monitor in the observation room.
The story of the '41st round' was being played there.
Inside the monitor, a masked man was speaking.
"I plan to steal the story of “The Three Little Pigs."
The man's shining eyes and white skin were glimpsed through the area that the mask could not cover.
Before they knew it, the arriving party members were also looking at the screen.
Yoo Sangah waved her hand.
"Has Jihye arrived?"
"Yes, unnie. But maybe that…"
Yoo Sangah saw the man yelling beyond the screen.
He is a man who clears storms and negotiates with wolves.
"Right? He is Dokja, right?"
A man who hides his companions in a brick house and confronts the scenario in a way no one could have imagined.
Yoo Sangah watched the man’s story.
—Let’s create a story that will last forever.
It would take several books to tell exactly who he is.
Yoo Sangah was not the person who could have written that book. Because the only person who could decide the contents of the book was the man himself.
Instead, Yoo Sangah was able to read the title of the book.
"Yes, he is Dokja-ssi."
"Of course. Who else would do something like that other than him? Shouldn’t we help him? If he dies like that—"
"Not now. There is no extra probability."
"Damn it, it’s all because of that sooty guy! That bastard got into a fight with Odin…"
"What happened to the constellations in our world line? Can we contact them?"
"Yoo Sangah, there is still a situation where we can easily communicate—"
At that time, kkoma Kim Dokja, who was being held in Yoo Sangah's arms, flinched his shoulder.
At the same time, a strong probability storm began to blow beyond the screen.
Beyond the great hall that opened above the sky, a god from another world was being summoned.
"What."
However, the expressions on the faces of the party members who confirmed the summoned 'God of Another World' were strange.
"That… That’s him , right?"
***
The storm pounded on the brick house.
Every time the wind hit the wall, it felt like the house would be uprooted.
The power of the 'God of the Other World' was stronger than I thought.
<!>[The constellation 'The First Pig To Die' breaks into a cold sweat.]
It looks like the Pig constellations that are slowly supporting it are also having a hard time.
Kyung Sein asked.
"What kind of guy was summoned?"
I recalled what I said to the Wolf Constellation.
In order to overcome this situation, I asked him to 'designate summon' the 'God of Another World' that I wanted.
"I think—"
"The story is getting weaker!"
Dansu ahjussi shouted urgently.
<!>[The voice of the story 'The Three Little Pigs' decreases.]
That couldn't have been possible.
If this story collapses, the constellations will lose their origin story. At best, for those who are considered great-grade, the 'origin story' is the story that determines their status. To protect their position, they will not give up until the very end.
Nevertheless, if the story has become weaker...
<!>[The conditions for the reproduction of 'staging' are incomplete.]
Damn, there’s that too.
It was staged incompletely from the beginning.
In order to fully recreate this stage, a 'youngest pig' was needed to stand against the 'wolf.'
But we just fulfilled the conditions 'The Three Little Pigs' through expedient means.
<!>[Fragment of the story 'The Last Born' begins its storytelling.]
One is a fragment of the story of the 'youngest' Kim Dokja.
<!>[Fragment of the story 'The man who ate eight meals a day' begins its storytelling.]
The other was a fragment of Yoo Jonghyuk’s story.
"Kim Dokja."
But from earlier, little Yoo Jonghyuk’s expression was strange.
"I'm hungry."
What?
<!>[Fragment of the story 'The man who eats eight meals a day' complains of hunger.]
No, wait a minute. Is there any reason why I should be anxious about the 'stage adaptation'?
"Everyone! Food! Please bring me food!"
"Huh? Why is food suddenly—"
"Hurry! I have to feed this bastard!"
For some reason, I thought that little Yoo Jonghyuk's strength was noticeably weaker. This guy, who was supposed to eat eight meals a day, ended up like this because he couldn't eat even one meal properly.
The good news among the misfortunes is that this is an inn.
"Food! Give me food! Owner!"
Kyung Sein thanked the crane owner and quickly served the food.
Freshly boiled soup, freshly steamed sweet potatoes and potatoes. Wheat bread with jam, etc. Even at first glance, the food looked quite delicious.
I shouted to Kyung Sein.
"Feed him! Feed him eight meals at once!"
"Huh? Can I feed him like that?"
"Hurry!"
Little Yoo Jonghyuk is unable to use his hands as he is busy supplying magical power to the 'Brick House'.
Kyung Sein, who hastily made soup, took the spoon to little Yoo Jonghyuk.
"Now, ah. Do it, ah!"
Little Yoo Jonghyuk suddenly turned his head.
"I hate it."
"Huh? Why? You said you were hungry."
Kyung Sein tilted her head and smelled the soup.
"I didn’t put anything poisonous or anything! Look! Delicious food that I can eat too…"
I didn't understand.
Yoo Jonghyuk refused food.
Why?
<!>[The story 'Heir of the Eternal Name' speaks.]
Lately, I felt like my head was pounding.
Damn, now that I think about it, Yoo Jonghyuk had 'that kind of setting'.
Yoo Jonghyuk, frowning, looked up at me and declared.
"I don’t eat food prepared by others."
