<title>734 Episode 29 Recorder of Fear (1)
<&>「The universe is a very large secret room. There is a wall at the end of the secret room. We have never touched that wall.」
—Recorder of Fear
***
Belonging to the planet Kronos.
Prince of the Imyuntar race and the first wolf—'Lycaon Isparang'.
This wolf, who appears as a guide in the 'fifth scenario' in the main story, was a character whose whereabouts were unknown after clashing with another guide, 'Antinus'.
"Is it really that 'Lycaon'?"
After the identity of the 'God of the Other World' was revealed, the party members expressed their surprise in different ways.
Dansu ahjussi, who could not join in on the surprise, asked hesitantly.
"Who is Lycaon?"
"You know, the guide from the 'Disaster Scenario'. The wolf from the meteorite."
"Oh, that guy… wasn’t he dead?"
"There was no mention of his death. His whereabouts became unknown after that."
"Yes. That’s true, but…"
Ye Hyunwoo, who was shaking his head at Killer King’s words, glanced at me.
"Dokja-ssi, how did you know that 'Lycaon' had become a God of Another World?"
Indeed, I thought Ye Hyunwoo would ask. Even though he has read it less times than the other apostles, he is the most quick-witted.
Ye Hyunwoo even called me 'Dokja-ssi'. That probably means that he expects this answer to be like 'Kim Dokja'.
"I wasn’t even sure. It was a gamble."
Not surprisingly, there was no additional setting or follow-up story regarding Lycaon.
There are bound to be characters whose importance decreases as the scenario progresses, and Lycaon was also a character who naturally existed in that way.
However, I did not mention Lycaon as a candidate for 'God of the Other World' without thinking.
"It just occurred to me. Perhaps among the people we know, there are individuals who have evolved into 'Outer Gods'."
Many of the 'Gods of the Other World' in the main story were left without seeing the 'end' of the scenario.
Most of them lose their ego and become 'nameless', but sometimes there are those who maintain their ego outside the scenario and increase their power by becoming Outer Gods.
For example, 'Asmodeus' who appeared in this round was of that type.
So that's what I thought.
Perhaps among the characters who are not fully described in the main story, there may be someone who has become a 'God from Another World'.
"It was a gamble with very low odds."
Ye Hyunwoo was right.
The odds were low.
However, this was the 'Recycling Center', and I thought there was a high possibility that that kind of probability would have a positive effect.
And above all.
"There were two alternatives besides Lycaon."
"Three precautions. As expected of Kim Dokja."
"Who were the other two?"
"As you know, among the gods of another world, there is another being related to 'wolves'."
As I said those words, I looked down at little Yoo Joonghyuk.
Is this because the previous battle was too much?
Or did he get sick from eating dirt? Yoo Joonghyuk was lying on the floor, completely exhausted.
I put a thin blanket over him.
"'Kkoma Yoo Joonghyuk' also appeared in the main story."
The second 'Outer God' I was going to call did not have a story related to 'wolves'.
However, there was a scene in the main story where he was compared to a 'wolf', so I thought it might be possible to call him that.
"Hmm. Do you mean 'King of the Lone Wolves'?"
"But would the 'being' respond to the summons?"
"The probability would have been low. In fact, we haven’t even seen him in this Round."
The second 'Outer God' I considered was a 'Secretive Plotter'.
However, the 'Secretive Plotter' had reached his ◾️◾️ and crossed into a completely different world, so there was no certainty that he would respond to the call.
"Then what about the third?"
"The third is..."
I looked up at the sky. In fact, the third response probability was as low as the second.
The third one was even less related to 'wolves'.
However, this is a world where「a man who eats eight meals a day」is recognized as a 'pig'.
"Wolf ears headband. Do you remember?"
<&>「The man wearing the wolf ears headband may also be recognized as a 'wolf'.」
Ye Hyunwoo, who was thinking about something, opened his mouth.
"Wolf ears? When they went to the amusement park in Oz…"
"Yes, that’s right."
In a world where all of Kim Dokja's memories become stories, the story of going to the amusement park with Han Sooyoung would certainly survive as fragments of stories.
<!>[A Constellation whose modifier has not yet been revealed is looking at you.]
Even if he is not a deity from another world,  Kim Dokja, who possesses that 'story fragment', exists.
If Kim Dokja is a being with a modifier like the 'Demon King of Salvation'…
<!>['Sub-scenario—The Three Little Pigs' has ended.]
At that moment, a scenario ending message appeared.
<!>[500 recycled coins were obtained as a reward.]
<!>[You have cleared the scenario in a way no one has tried before!]
<!>[Your achievements will transform the very foundation of the scenario!]
<!>[The story 'The Three Little Pigs' loses influence in the <Star Stream>.]
"Ah—"
The surrounding scenery shimmered and the night began to fade.
Only then did my companions' faces brighten one by one, as if they realized it.
The event scenario has been lifted and 'wolves' can no longer threaten us. Because the 'wolf' has just joined our side.
"If we’re going to fight the <Zodiac> in the future, we’ll need that guy’s power."
I looked back at Lycaon, who was standing about ten steps away.
Kyung Sein asked with a slightly frightened expression.
"Is it okay? He’s a God from Another World."
"There is nothing to be afraid of as a God from Another World. Even in the main story, they negotiated with a God from Another World."
From earlier, Lycaon had been muttering something at the sky.
Perhaps he is exchanging messages with the Management Bureau regarding the 'Otherworld Covenant', or perhaps he is negotiating with the 'Recycling Center'.
I sighed lightly and looked back at my companions.
"And here. These are the 'masks' we recovered earlier."
One of the main purposes of this 'scenario' was to obtain new 'masks' for the group to use.
"Ah. When did this happen—"
It was a mask obtained from previously deceased wolf incarnations.
"Are you sure you don’t mind if we take it?"
When Dansu ahjussi lowered his head as if he was sorry, the other party members also lowered their heads as if they were being shamed.
Kyung Sein said in a trembling voice.
"I-I really couldn’t be of any help."
"No, you all did well."
I slowly looked back at my companions and spoke emphatically.
As the party members who recovered the masks put them on one by one, their bodies, which had been transformed, began to return to their original state.
Instead, faces that reflected the characteristics of their time as prisoners appeared on the surface of the mask.
Kyung Sein is a squirrel.
Dansu ahjussi is a turtle.
Cha Yerin is a snail.
Ye Hyunwoo is a panda.
As expected, the 'mask' seemed to reflect the user's original characteristics.
Then, why am I still thinking, 'I’m free from impunity'? Is there any animal that looks similar?
While the group was breathing a sigh of relief, Killer King, the only one among them who had not lost his mask, approached me.
"By the way, you were lucky this time. You know that."
I nodded and said,
"The 'original owner' of the story did not intervene."
The reason why this「staging」collapsed faster than expected was because the original owner of the story, the 「Pig in the Brick House」, did not help us.
If the 'Pig In The Brick House' had intervened on stage, the fight would not have ended so easily.
Of course, even if that happened, it wasn't the worst.
Even if the 'pig' won and the existing narrative was strengthened, we were fighting on the 'pig' side anyway. Even if I couldn't write a new story, I would have benefited from it in some way.
Anyway, I was curious.
Why didn't the 'Pig in the Brick House' intervene on stage? If I think about it, it was a Constellation that had been watching me from the beginning of the scenarios.
"Ah, ahhh… I know what you guys are doing!"
"We’re all going to die! We’re all going to die!"
After the scenario was over, the prisoners hiding under the table came out one by one.
"The other Zodiac signs will not forgive Zone 13."
"Why, why are you doing this—"
I smiled bitterly as I looked at the terrified prisoners.
Since I couldn't fill up after the first drink, I didn't have high expectations. Because people who are stuck in this scenario are afraid of change.
But not all incarnations were like that.
The crane owner was looking at me with an expression of disbelief.
"Did you say Kim Dokja…?"
Some stories are unchanging prisons.
A prison that restricts existence to a set frame, repeats the same schedule, and transforms it into mere material.
But the prisoners saw with their own eyes that the prison could be broken.
<!>[Your new 'story' begins to influence 'Zone 13'.]
<!>[The name of 'Kim Dokja' is starting to become known at the 'Recycling Center'!]
That's enough for now.
I stood side by side with Killer King and watched the beastmen for a moment.
"The Demon World scenario would have been similar to this."
"I guess so."
"It’s my favorite scenery."
Before we knew it, Ye Hyunwoo, who had changed his mask, came towards us.
The moment Killer King opened his mouth, his eyes widened  as if he was dissatisfied with Hyunwoo standing next to him.
"Inho-ssi. But is it okay? You can continue to work under 'that name'?"
"7th Apostle. This guy is Kim Dokja—"
"I’m asking Cheon Inho now, not Dokja-ssi."
I looked into Ye Hyunwoo’s clever eyes beyond the mask.
Come to think of it, there was once a problem with Ye Hyunwoo over using the name Kim Dokja.
"Are you uncomfortable?"
"No, not really. I admit it now. Inho-ssi is the one closest to that name among us. However."
For a moment, I thought I knew what he was worried about.
The story of the <Star Stream> is more sensitive to names than anything else.
That is, if I were to impersonate Kim Dokja—
"If this continues, all the stories Inho-ssi builds will become 'Kim Dokja’s' stories."
That was a sharp point.
"It’s okay. It was intentional."
"You did that on purpose?"
Actually, I had a crucial reason why I impersonated 'Kim Dokja' when I entered the 'Recycling Center'.
<!>[A new story begins to be recorded under the name of 'Kim Dokja'.]
Along with the message, the newly germinated power of the story floated within me.
The name hasn't been decided yet.
A story that has not been lost.
Still, is it because I am also the 'youngest Kim Dokja'? Part of the story was absorbed into me, but the rest slowly rose upward through the ceiling of the Recycling Center.
<!>[Your story will be shared with your sponsor.]
I felt a small sense of relief as I saw the tail of the story moving away.
Thank god. He's still there.
"A similar thing happened in the demon world. Do you remember?"
"You mean when Kim Dokja impersonated Yoo Joonghyuk?"
All stories have a main character and are written around that main character.
While I am impersonating Kim Dokja, the stories I have accumulated will continue to raise Kim Dokja's status.
The created story will make Kim Dokja's name known, and people will call Kim Dokja's name.
And Kim Dokja will also hear that name.
"Wait a minute, it can’t be—"
"I thought about it for a long time. But no matter how much I thought about it, it seemed like this was the only way."
I liked this 41st round. So I hope this world line does not perish.
However, I know that if I protect this world line, other world lines may be destroyed. A much bigger disaster may occur than what happened in the main story.
But the tragedy has not yet been written and the story continues.
So I can do it.
Just what I need.
<&>「A being who can 'reread' all the endings of this story.」
Someone who can turn my 'square circle' into reality.
"I intend to bring 'The Oldest Dream' on this world line."
