<title>742 Episode 30 Zodiac (4)
Spots of blood and thin cuts.
A few hairs fluttered and fell to the floor due to Ye Hyunwoo's wind.
I looked down at the hair and said.
"If it is reasonable for someone who has nothing more to lose to become 'Kim Dokja', then it is not right for Hyunwoo to become Kim Dokja as well."
"I know."
To conclude, Ye Hyunwoo's attack was not directed at me.
Ye Hyunwoo's wind passed by me and collided with something in the air on the other side.
The sound of something falling on the floor. Sounds reminiscent of the claws of large animals were scattered about.
When [Way of the Wind] was activated from Ye Hyunwoo's fingertips, the face of the assassin hiding in the alley was revealed.
"Tsk-"
The assassin had the face of a bear. The so-called bear beastman.
It was an animal that had never been seen here before.
The guy must have sensed danger and immediately growled and ran out of the alley.
But Ye Hyunwoo was faster.
Ye Hyunwoo, who flew with  [Way of the Wind], was already standing behind the beast.
“Quad deuk.”
The bear's knees bent to opposite sides, making an eerie sound.
As the bear howled in pain, Ye Hyunwoo grabbed the back of its neck and asked.
"What are you doing, you?"
A completely different tone from usual. Gurgling, blood bubbles flowed from the mouth of the frightened bear beast.
"Who ordered you here? Tell me. If you don’t speak until the count of three, you will die."
A menacing tone of voice that he never showed in front of me. I once again realize what kind of person he is.
He is the 7th apostle of the Apostolic Association and the actual representative of Chungmuro.
"One."
While coming this far, Ye Hyunwoo must have been caught up in countless plots and schemes that I was unaware of.
The bear beast panted and spoke as if in a fit.
"You will never succeed."
The prisoner was left lying limp on the floor. It looks like the stories and magic power he had were not enough.
It was almost surprising that a surprise attack was attempted in this condition.
Ye Hyunwoo frowned.
"Shall we wake him up again and torture him the Kim Dokja way?"
It was then that I heard a system message in my ears.
<!>[Your approval rating drops.]
<!>[Currently, 68% of prisoners in Zone 13 support you.]
It was strange.
Since the start of full-scale narrative repair, the approval rating has not fallen even once.
But why is the approval rating dropping at this time?
<!>[Your approval rating drops.]
<!>[Currently, 67% of prisoners in Zone 13 support you.]
Ye Hyunwoo also looked at me, probably feeling uncomfortable.
"Something doesn’t feel right. I guess my companions…"
I saw a group of shadows approaching through a dark alley.
Lanterns rising one by one from the darkness.
It wasn't like they came to ask for a change in the story. This was because the faces of the prisoners swaying like ghosts above the lanterns were unfamiliar.
Not only the face but also the size was the same. Their physiques are at least twice as large as those of the beasts in the nearby area.
<!>[It was true that the southern wolves were exterminated.]
A mantra that sends shivers down your spine.
There was a brown bear there, a meter taller than the other beasts, wearing a skull mask that covered half of its face.
<!>[The constellation 'A bear that will Spare  One's life if One pretends to be dead'’s eyes are flashing.]
Judging by the pressure felt and the atmosphere it gave off, there was no doubt about it.
That guy is a 'great-grade constellation'.
<!>[The story that makes up this incarnation has been greatly worn.]
To be precise, it is the incarnation of a great-grade constellation that has lost most of its stories and whose status has been greatly reduced.
An animal-type constellation that failed to enter the <Zodiac> and remained in Zone 13.
It seemed to be a similar case to 'The Wolf Who Covets Little Red Riding Hood', which we fought against before.
In the darkness, the brown bear's huge claws gave off a cold light.
<!>[Kill them all. The southern part of Zone 13 is the 'Bear' area from today.]
After repeating his words in unison, the bear beasts began plundering, crushing all the surrounding houses with their huge paws.
"W-what! Kwaaaaaaaa!"
Claws flew in without asking or answering. The prisoners, their entire houses torn apart, were screaming.
<!>[Your approval rating drops.]
<!>[Currently, 66% of the prisoners in Zone 13 support you.]
I understand why the approval rating continues to decrease. Those bears were randomly slaughtering the prisoners in Zone 13 who supported us.
Looking at the numbers, the number of troops seems to be well over 300.
Ye Hyunwoo opened his mouth.
"That guy is the same case as the 'wolf' back then, right?"
"Yes. I think we need to be careful. This time, there is no story to use."
With the wolves, the 「Three Little Pig」 scenario was in effect, so staging could be used.
This time the case is different.
But Ye Hyunwoo had calm eyes.
"Here, would I be like Kim Dokja by taking the lead and fighting, or would I be more like Kim Dokja if I had to hide behind and encourage my companions?"
I thought for a moment and then answered.
"They both feel  like Kim Dokja."
Kim Dokja would have been at the forefront of the fight while encouraging his companions to fight behind the scenes.
Ye Hyunwoo nodded his head as if he understood what I said.
"Then I’ll do as I please here."
Black magic power flowed from Ye Hyunwoo’s whole body. I was a little surprised because it was my first time seeing him truly start a story.
<!>[The story 'Armless Panda' growls.]
Originally, Ye Hyunwoo was a supporter-type incarnation who mainly used [Magic Charge] and [Magic Sharing] skills.
A skill position with a combination in mind with Gong Pildu, who uses [Magic Turret] from the beginning.
However, here, Ye Hyunwoo gained the power to change his position.
"Kaaaaak!"
Every time Ye Hyunwoo's sword moved, there was a cracking sound of something breaking. It was the same fist that had grazed my mask earlier.
The bears who saw Ye Hyunwoo screamed.
"Bear?"
"Stop! We are the same kind!"
"I’m not a bear."
Ye Hyunwoo said without a smile, holding a bamboo stick near his mouth.
"I’m a panda."
Most of the beastmen in Zone 13 are incarnations whose stories have been damaged.
However, there were also people who had made a name for themselves before joining the 'Recycling Center'. Those prisoners were unable to stop Ye Hyunwoo and fell out one after another.
Now Ye Hyeonwoo has combat power comparable to that of the highest-level incarnations, even with his support-related skills sealed.
"Oh my god, is this guy really him?"
"The 'panda' is here!"
"Kill the damn story thief!"
A story thief?
As the angry bears all rushed towards Ye Hyunwoo, Ye Hyunwoo's hands and feet also was ready to get busy.
Just then, my colleagues sensed the commotion and ran out from inside the brick house.
"What are those bears?"
"No, those bastards— Hyunwoo-ssi!"
Dansu ahjussi, Kyung Sein, and Cha Yerin, who must have been sleeping, also rubbed her eyes and stuck her face out the window.
Afterwards, the crane owner came out screaming. The crane owner, who quickly looked around, seemed to have realized what was going on.
"Brown bear! What on earth are you doing? Why are you doing this—"
The brown bear paid no heed to the crane's words and continued to trample on the southern house site.
Kyung Sein asked with a frown.
"What are those bears?"
"These are the bears that rule the northern part of Zone 13. They never crossed over when there were wolves…"
The crane owner, his beak clenched, answered.
"I don’t know either. Why are they suddenly doing something like this… I heard that the northern beastmen are also showing favor towards them recently."
<!>[Your approval rating drops.]
<!>[Currently, 65% of the prisoners in Zone 13 support you.]
In the end, the crane owner also made a decision.
"All southern beasts, take up arms! Defend your home from the northerners!"
"Those who are injured, hide inside the brick house!"
The situation was not good. If this is the case, it will ultimately lead to conflict between the north and south.
<!>[Your approval rating drops.]
<!>[Currently, 64% of the prisoners in Zone 13 support you.]
The fight must be stopped.
If we cannot stop it, we must at least protect the prisoners in the southern region.
"If you can’t fight, just pretend to be dead! Then you have a chance of survival!"
The modifier of the brown bear that leads the bears is 'a bear that will Spare One's Lifeif One pretends to be dead'.
Judging by the story, if you're lucky, there's a chance that 'pretending to be dead' might work.
But that too is nothing more than a makeshift.
<!>[Your approval rating drops.]
<!>[Currently, 63% of the prisoners in Zone 13 support you.]
How do we stop fighting?
Let's think. There is a reason for every incident in the <Star Stream>. There may be a reason why the bears came to the south now.
At that time, a shout from a corner caught my ear.
"Kill the panda!"
"Why does it appear in all the stories!"
"What’s so fun about chewing bamboo all the time!"
"I can roll around too!"
No way.
"Caught you!"
A bear whose nose was hit by Ye Hyunwoo passed out.
The number of bear beasts that Ye Hyunwoo had defeated had already exceeded ten, but the bears were still desperately clinging only to Ye Hyunwoo.
The reason was obvious.
"These bears want to become 'pandas'."
I shouted with all my magic.
"Everyone, stop!"
One by one, the bears surrounding Ye Hyunwoo turned to look at me.
"I will help your stories become famous again."
The bear beastmen's eyes were shaking when they heard what I said. It works.
"There’s no need to fight like this. If you’re jealous of the panda, you too can—"
<!>[Shut up!]
With the brown bear's mantra, the bears stopped. The bears looked at each other and bared their teeth at us again.
<!>[Kill him! Don’t let anyone who pretends to be dead live!]
I didn't understand. I told them this much, but they're still attacking me?
I activated 「Persistent Murim Master」 and cut down the two charging bears.
As I watched the bears' claws that had been clawing at me break apart, I realized how serious their condition was.
Each and every one of the seemingly fearsome bear beastmen was in need of immediate reinforcement.
These are people whose balance in their incarnation body has been completely destroyed due to the accumulation of life in the impoverished Zone 13.
They were attacking, ignoring their own lives.
<!>[The story of the lost name is falling apart.]
Tales that are so old that it is unclear whether they can be staged.
Stories whose names have even disappeared and even  the <Star Stream> has forgotten them.
 A conversation with Lycaon from a few days ago flashed through my mind.
<#>【I understand what student wants to do. But not everyone can be saved by student.】
At the time, I didn't know what that meant.
<#>【Can we force our dreams on those who have lost their own stories forever, student?】
There are people in the world who have lost 'their own story' forever.
"Kill the panda! If you kill it, you will get the story!"
"It’s mine. It’s mine!"
"Aim for him! He has more stories than the panda!"
"There’s a wolf over there too!"
In a world where their own stories disappeared, what they could do was limited.
"Aim for the brick house! Most of the new stories are held by the beastmen over there!"
Stealing other people's dreams.
