<title>758 Episode 32 Monkey King (5)
Why on earth is kkoma Kim Dokja here?
"I’m glad that everyone likes him."
When I turned my head, I saw Lee Jihye playing the Hwipirang. Even her facial expression was different from the younger Lee Jihye in the 41st round.
Lee Jihye of <Kim Dokja Company> overcomes all her scenarios and eventually overcomes even her own sponsor to become the 'Lord of the Sea'.
"I worked hard to collect your fragments."
<!>[Through Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, her inner thoughts were heard at times.]
<!>[Your understanding of the person in question is insufficient.]
Even though I couldn't hear it completely, it was enough to understand the situation.
<&>「In addition to the 41st round, there was a universe where 'Kim Dokja fragments' were scattered.」
And Lee Jihye seems to have collected the 'Kim Dokja fragments' scattered throughout that universe.
<!>[The story 'Heir to the Eternal Name' finds it appetizing.]
Perhaps this 'kkoma Kim Dokja' is a kind of artificial life form created from the fragments of Kim Dokja.
Crucially, this 'kkoma Kim Dokja' could  be felt as a soul. That's probably why I was able to possess it.
The child who was lightly patting my cheek muttered.
"Did you look like this when you were young?"
"You were cute when you were young."
Shin Yoosoung and Lee Gilyoung.
I slowly looked at their faces.
In reality, it was my first time seeing these faces, but the feeling of familiarity was probably because I had already met Shin Yoosoung in the 41st round.
"If you say one word, I will kill you all."
No, maybe I had also met 'Shin Yoosoung' before my eyes.
<&>「"You're Kim Dokja."」
This girl possessed herself in the 41st round and saved me several times.
I carefully held the hand of the girl who was squeezing mine. It was only a subtle level of grip strength, but even with that, Shin Yoosoung could sense something on my face.
"What."
Shin Yoosoung, who had been looking at me blankly, suddenly tilted her head.
"Ahjussi?"
Lee Seolhwa, who was watching the situation from afar, approached.
"Why?"
"Is it an illusion... I think the little man’s condition has just changed."
In response to Shin Yoosoung's words, Lee Seolhwa pulled up my top and took the stethoscope.
"Well, let’s see."
Doctor Lee Seolhwa.
A person who looks almost no different from the 41st round just by face alone. The difference was the depth of her expression.
Lee Seolhwa in the 41st round had a strangely strong spirit of experimentation, while Lee Seolhwa in <Kim Dokja Company> had the air of a seeker who was well versed in all the truths of the universe.
Lee Seolhwa’s eyes met mine and drew a soft arc.
"The story’s condition is stable."
A doctor who steadfastly took care of the group even in places where Kim Dokja's eyes could not reach.
As Kim Dokja expressed, without her, <Kim Dokja Company> would not have been able to reach the final scenario.
Shin Yoosoung urgently grabbed my hand and comforted me.
"Ahjussi, can you hear me?"
" Shin Yoosoung, don’t bother the kkoma Dokja too much."
"I didn’t mean to bother him."
A gentle hand stroking my head. Yoo Sangah was looking down at me with her characteristic faint smile.
As I looked at her smile, it occurred to me that Kim Dokja's story did not fully describe  her.
Perhaps it was natural.
Kim Dokja's mind is filled with the 'Ways of Survival', and the criteria for judgment are also within the 'Ways of Survival'.
<&>「The look is enough to slap Yoo Jonghyuk three times in the face.」
If we were to apply the standards of 'Ways of Survival', Yoo Sangah was definitely a beautiful woman.
Is it just how she looks? Her warm heart and warm consideration... But haven’t I been talking only about Yoo Sangah since a while ago?
<!>[The story fragment 'Kim Dokja who respects Yoo Sangah' continues its storytelling.]
It was somehow strange.
I guess this was the core story that made up 'kkoma Kim Dokja'.
"But doesn’t that seem really dangerous?"
Lee Jihye, who was looking at the display screen, said something.
"What if they really die like that?"
On the screen, Ji Eunyu and Cha Yerin were still struggling to drive the carriage. As I was caught up in the shocking situation, I forgot about the people I was supposed to protect.
Now was the time to unlock [Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint].
<!>[A temporary error occurs in this skill.]
<!>[You cannot unlock level 3 of 'Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint'.]
Shit. What is it again this time?
I became impatient.
On the screen, we saw enemies attacking the carriage we were riding in. Ji Eunyu and Cha Yerin are strong, but the situation is difficult with just the two of them.
If I don't go right now—
"Do you want me to possess my past self again?"
Lee Gilyoung frowned at Shin Yoosoung’s question.
"Shin Yoosoung, have you already forgotten that you suffered a probability aftermath before?"
"…"
"It would be better if I logged in as a constellation and used 'Deus Ex Machina'—"
"Don’t be stupid. That’s a place where outside constellations can’t intervene."
"Then why not just descend directly?"
"Didn’t you hear that descending was prohibited? If you did something like that—"
"The sooty bastard descended."
"That’s because Joonghyuk ahjussi—"
"Why can the sooty bastard do it and I can’t?"
While Yoo Sangah, who was worse off, was trying to stop the two children, Lee Jihye looked at me this time and asked.
"Kkoma, what do you think? Help me with that? Or not? I think I can just secretly go and use [Bonsal] once."
My heart was beating slowly.
I know it's just words. Because Lee Jihye doesn’t know that I am now possessing this 'kkoma Kim Dokja'.
Still, I had a hard time shaking off the temptation of those words.
<&>「If only I could get help from <Kim Dokja Company>.」
I thought of Ji Eunyu, Cha Yerin, Killer King Cha Sungwoo, Dansu ahjussi, and Kyung Sein's faces one after another.
If we can get help from <Kim Dokja Company>, we may be able to guarantee the safety of the party.
We will no longer have to face death scenarios.
I moved my hand slowly.
I was going to tell Lee Jihye. Please help, please help my companions not die— But at that moment, a light spark struck my head.
<&>「"Why did you want to become a writer?"」
Distorted sentences appeared on Han Sooyoung’s dying face.
<&>「If we receive help from Kim Dokja Company here, whose story is it?」
While I was breathing hard and blinking my eyes, Lee Jihye turned her head again and looked at her screen.
<&>「"I’ll drive. Can you take care of the carriage behind me?"」
<&>「"I heard Yerin-ssi is a minor."」
<&>「"Yes, but I really wanted to try driving at least once."」
The carriage on the screen accelerated with a roar.
The group watched the accelerating carriage in silence.
<&>「"Then I’ll leave it to you for a moment. Yerin, have you ever played a car game?"」
<&>「"I’ve never tried it, but I think I can try it!"」
<&>「"Okay. Every game has rules, so let's follow them. I'll take care of the carriage that follows, Yerin—"」
Just as the constellations once watched their story. Just as Kim Dokja read Yoo Jonghyuk's story. <Kim Dokja Company> silently watched our story.
"That person over there somehow looks like Sangah-ssi."
Shin Yoosoung said something.
"She’s pretty good. It’s not as good as ours."
Lee Gilyoung, who seems to be entering puberty, also left a comment. The companions smiled faintly.
Meanwhile, Ji Eunyu blocked the attack of another carriage and overturned two carriages approaching from both sides.
Yoo Sangah nodded her head.
"She’s a good fighter."
"We fought like that too. Do you remember? Back then—"
The carriage ran away. A carriage that is neither Apollo's golden chariot nor Surya's train. Nevertheless, I knew what story my companions were seeing through that carriage.
<&>「I miss you.」
As I listened to the sentence, where I couldn't tell who was thinking, I felt like my heart was breaking for some reason.
<Kim Dokja Company> was located here.
Even after their story was over, they remained here and missed the story. As I read the stories of myself and my companions, I was thinking about one person for a long time.
<&>「I miss you.」
How long did they remember those years before a person's name finally became their life?
Looking up at their faces, for the first time, I lost confidence in what I was about to do.
<&>「I was thinking of changing the ending of the 41st round.」
What would happen to these people if I changed the fixed world line?
If the ending of the 41st round is changed, will <Kim Dokja Company>, which was born from that ending, be safe?
Will the probability of this world allow their longing?
"Kim Dokja!"
The group turned around at the same time at the loud, energetic tone.
Yoo Jonghyuk was there.
"Kim Dokja!"
Yoo Jonghyuk was walking around with a serious expression, calling out Kim Dokja's name.
Lee Jihye, who was observing Yoo Jonghyuk, asked.
"You said you fought with Master Odin, right? Did you hit the wrong head?"
In the end, Yoo Sangah, who was worse off, approached Yoo Jonghyuk.
"Jonghyuk-ssi. What’s going on?"
Yoo Jonghyuk glared at Yoo Sangah for a moment, then began to look at the surrounding space with a bewildered look.
About ten seconds like that.
"There was Kim Dokja."
"Yes?"
"No, Kim Dokja has come."
"What do you mean?"
Yoo Jonghyuk said as if he was frustrated.
"It means that 'Kim Dokja' is here now."
"Yes? But Dokja-ssi—"
Yoo Sangah, who had been talking up to that point, turned her gaze towards me.
Yoo Sangah’s eyes slowly grew bigger.
It was almost at the same time that Yoo Jonghyuk discovered me.
This was the first time I knew [Red Phoenix Shunpo]] was that good and fast of a skill. When I came to my senses, I was hanging in the air with Yoo Jonghyuk's hand holding my ankle.
"No, Master! What should I do if I hear you say that!"
"What is this?"
"These are the fragments of ahjussi that I collected. Handle them carefully! They may break!"
Yoo Jonghyuk’s harsh eyes glared at me.
I imagined turning off [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint] several times in my head.
Yoo Jonghyuk said.
"Kim Dokja."
"Master, that’s not him. The real ahjussi is in there right now—"
Yoo Jonghyuk looked at the screen pointed to by Lee Jihye.
Inside was my figure, stretched out like a squid and bouncing around in a rickety carriage.
Yoo Jonghyuk looked back and forth between me and me on the screen with confused eyes.
"Wait a minute. The guy over there… he’s passed out just now, right?"
It was then that Shin Yoosoung opened her mouth.
"A skill used every time my ahjussi faints."
"No way—"
One by one, the eyes of my companions turn to me gathered together.
Yoo Jonghyuk, Yoo Sangah, Shin Yoosoung, Lee Gilyoung, Lee Seolhwa, and Lee Jihye.
The gathered group looked at each other with nervous eyes.
"Jonghyuk-ssi, are you sure? Did you sense Dokja-ssi’s presence?"
"That guy has a unique eerie feeling."
"What do you think, what does the sooty bastard know?"
"Can you feel him here now?"
Yoo Jonghyuk, who held me with his vicious hand, glared at me once again.
And after a while, Yoo Jonghyuk's head moved slightly.
The next moment, an eerie silence swept over the surroundings.
The group members looked at each other's faces and nodded at the same time.
"Let’s lock him up."
