<title>765 Episode 33 Ball (4)
There are things that commonly come to mind when you think of 'academy setting'.
"First of all, school is the main stage."
Since it is an 'academy setting', of course the setting is a school. However,  you’ll get bored when its about  school life, so  you mix in other genres.
"Everyone has their skills, so it’s arranged as a 'hunter story'."
Since the skills used outside can be used here as well, it can be seen as a mix of 'academy' and 'hunter' based on abilities.
"Of course the main character will be in an inferior class."
Right. Usually, in situations like this, the inferior class wins by defeating the honors class after a lot of hard work.
"Then, after all, I am the main character?"
I ignored Killer King's nonsense and asked what I was curious about.
"You mentioned the graduation exam earlier. What do you mean?"
"You’re stupid. Have you still not grasped the worldview? Have you forgotten where our goal was?"
Killer King said that and pointed to the notice on the bulletin board.
—Information on the 3rd year graduation exam.
It was a notice I had already checked upon arrival.
"That is the goal of this scenario."
Killer King's reasoning was plausible.
The point in time when we were possessed would be just before the key events of this worldview took place. If we take into account the setting of 'third year', the 'graduation exam' was definitely the main event of this scenario.
Coincidentally, the name of the scenario is 'graduation'.
<!>[You have found the key clue to the scenario!]
I knew it.
"By the way, Kang Ilhoon."
"I am not Kang Ilhoon."
"Are you okay with talking like that?"
Kyung Sein, who realized what I meant, intervened.
"That’s right. Since earlier, Killer King-ssi has been making comments that don’t fit the world view – Gegegegegeek!"
Kang Ilhoon— So, Killer King has been making statements that completely ignore the rules of the world view. And yet he faced no sanctions from this worldview.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated!]
<!>['List of characters' provides information in a format appropriate for the world view.]
+
Character: Kang Ilhoon (Cha Sungwoo)
Potential: S
Personal Attributes: Delusionist (S), Analyst (S)
Description: One of the key characters of Class 2. He often says nonsense because he cannot distinguish between reality and delusion.
+
Right. If you have those settings from the beginning, does that mean it’s okay to say things like that?
—Kim Dokja, 3rd grade, 2nd class. Kim Dokja, 3rd grade, 2nd class, go to the teacher’s office immediately…
After asking for understanding from my companions, I entered the teacher’s office.
If the 'graduation exam' isn't starting right away anyway, it might be okay to calmly look around.
When I opened the door, what I saw was a spacious place filled with colorless partitions. I got a little goosebumps at the sight of the teacher's office after seeing it for the first time in a while.
…But why is that kid over there?
In one corner of the teacher's office, there was a boy with both hands above his head. It was obvious who he was just by looking at his broad shoulders and his matted black hair.
"Yoo Joonghyuk?"
The guy looked back at me, muttering something over and over again as if he was dissatisfied with something.
"In this kind of worldview…"
Yoo Joonghyuk closed his mouth with a “tsutsutsu” sound.
Is it really possible for that guy to not make an undignified sound (“Egegegeek”) even if he gets hit with a blowback?
Across from Yoo Joonghyuk, there was a teacher who was in the middle of disciplining him. The back view here was also familiar.
"Joonghyuk. Students are not allowed to smoke."
"I’ve never smoked."
"Then what is this that came out of your pocket?"
"Magic tobacco. It’s an item that helps circulation of magic power and sharpens your senses."
"Isn’t that cigarettes?"
I guess I know roughly what the situation is.
As I approached and cleared my throat slightly, the teacher turned to look at me.
"Ah. You are here?"
It seemed like this teacher was the one who called me.
Deep emerald eyes shining through flowing blonde hair. She was wearing a mask with a cute sheep on it, so her lower face was not revealed, but anyone could see that this Constellation was that Constellation.
'The one who brought ten lambs'.
"Sorry, I have a cold. Cough."
It definitely doesn't sound like someone with a cold.
White wings fluttered behind the teacher's back.
I wondered what to call this teacher.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated!]
<!>['List of characters' provides information in a format appropriate for the world view.]
+
Character: Teacher Sheep/Yang (The One Who Brought Ten Lambs)
Potential: Due to the difference in status, the potential of the character cannot be confirmed.
Core setting: The potential of the character cannot be confirmed due to the difference in status.
Description: Class Z's teacher. She is often scolded by the principal for being negligent in managing her children's grades. She likes to watch Internet broadcasts alone, and has the characteristic of flapping her wings when she is in a good mood.
She was quite famous during her time as an active hunter. She's scary when she's angry.
+
I looked closely at her fluttering wings and asked.
"Teacher Yang."
"Yes, Dokja."
Teacher Yang is looking at my face with sparkling eyes.
For some reason, I felt burdened by her gaze, so I asked her with my head down.
"Well... didn’t you call me?"
"Oh, that’s right."
Teacher Yang, shocked and surprised, smiled brightly and opened the drawer.
There was a test paper with a 0 mark in the drawer.
"You wrote a strange answer on the test yesterday. Why is that?"
Test papers fluttering before my eyes.
At a glance, you can see that the questions were intentionally checked with only the wrong answers selected.
<!>[The 'initial settings' for that scenario are affected by how you cleared the previous scenario.]
I thought carefully about how I cleared the last scenario.
<&>「"Kaaaaaaak!"」
<&>「"Uh, why are you doing this—"」
<&>「"My story! My story...!"」
Well, it certainly wasn't the normal method recommended by the scenario.
Still, isn't everyone satisfied in the end? That's why I became the representative of Zone 13.
"Are you going to rebel?"
Shit. Could it be that there is something like 'rebel' as a setting?
"Or do you just don’t want to graduate?"
I saw Teacher Yang smiling, as if somehow having fun.
<!>[You are moving away from the core goal of the scenario.]
I answered hastily.
"I have to graduate."
"But why did you get all the answers wrong on purpose?"
"I don’t know. Could it be that Yoo Joonghyuk possessed me for a moment?"
At my words, Yoo Joonghyuk, who was looking at the wall and raising his hand, glared in this direction.
<!>[You have satisfied the unique settings for that person.]
<!>[The world view gives you 300 coins.]
Looking at Teacher Yang, smiling, "Ahaha", I think I roughly know what my settings are.
All I have to do is do it like Kim Dokja.
"It’s a funny joke. But if you keep joking like that, you won’t be able to graduate. What should I do?"
"Does this school not let you graduate just because you didn’t pass the test?"
"Did you know that points are awarded to each class based on the final exam score?"
I nodded for now.
Then Teacher Yang added:
"If this continues, class 2 will be 'unable to take the graduation exam' as they are below 500 points."
"That’s not possible. There’s a reason I have to graduate. Can’t I take the exam again?"
"Hmm. There is no such rule, so what?"
"You said you don’t have enough points, right? How can I increase those points?"
"There is a way."
Teacher Yang's eyes became sharp.
"That must be tricky?"
"I’ll do anything."
Teacher Yang's ears turned red as if she was thinking about what I said.
"Anything?"
***
After school, we all gathered together and picked up trash on campus.
"Come on, let’s clean up!"
Teacher Yang even took time off from work to help us volunteer on campus.
"Here too!"
"Yes."
"And there too!"
"Yes."
"Here too!"
This looks like the butt that Yoo Joonghyuk threw away after smoking earlier.
The culprit who threw away the trash was sitting on the steps of the school gate, looking at the sky and immersed in thought had an expression on his face that said he did not understand why he came into this worldview and was cleaning the campus.
"I feel like I’m 30 years younger Gegegegegeeng."
"Isn’t it fun to clean after a long time?"
On the other hand, my companions looked happy.
Killer King, who was picking up trash next to him, shook his head.
"After all, the club is a volunteer site."
"We’re not doing club activities."
"Kim Dokja, let me tell you something important."
"You don’t have to tell me."
"If you sweep like this, you can sweep up five pieces of trash at a time."
If you think about it, it wasn't strange that the group was happy.
Dansu ahjussi, Kyung Sein, and Killer King. This is because so far we have only cleared die-hard scenarios.
After fighting for our lives every time, a mission like 'picking up trash' suddenly appeared, so this was no different from just resting.
<!>[The Constellation 'The One Who Brought Ten Lambs' looks pleased.]
And maybe that's Teacher Yang's real intention.
But does Teacher Yang think she is hiding her identity well?
I looked at Teacher Yang as she glanced at me from afar for a moment, then bent down to pick up a piece of trash.
<!>[You have earned 1 point.]
It's butts again.
Is Yoo Joonghyuk, this kid, actually a smoker? Why did he smoke so much?
"You look happy."
It was Cha Yerin who said those words.
"It’s fun."
"Then don’t you enjoy it?"
"What fun could there be in picking up butts?"
"For all that, you can see the happy look on your face ."
We had meaningless conversations and picked up trash together.
Of course, it was all a planned conversation.
To be precise, it is a decoy to hide the 'real conversation'.
—Yerin-ssi, did you recognize them?
Cha Yerin slightly nodded her head in my [group chat].
<!>[The worldview pays attention to your actions.]
<&>「Group chat was the only way for us to exchange opinions without the eyes of the world, but it could never be overused.」
So we decided to briefly exchange opinions in this way only when our conversations  overlapped.
—Ye Hyunwoo is in class A. Goo Seonah is in class B. Ji Eunyu is in class C.
As expected, all the elite students are concentrated in the first  class.
—Shin Yoosoung, Jung Heewon, Lee Jihye, Kim Namwoon, and Lee Hyunsung are all in the first  class.
Nice names to hear after a long time.
Most of the original characters also seemed to be placed in the front half.
—But the condition of the original characters was a bit strange.
—Their condition is strange?
—Even though they were all in different classes, they went to school with Goo Seonah.
The characters go around with Goo Seonah? Isn't it Yoo Joonghyuk?
It seems that Cha Yerin was looking for an answer in her own way. She added.
—Perhaps she has obtained the 'Delinquent story'.
Delinquent story. It doesn't seem like such a thing, but it certainly seemed like Goo Seonah had done something.
If she has been steadily collecting 'Kim Dokja fragments' all this time, and if there are fragments related to 'crowd control' among those fragments, it is not impossible.
It was never a good sign, but I answered in a refreshing voice.
—Still, the situation is not bad.
Normally, I would never have said this. The situation isn't that bad, but it's almost like a taboo  in 'Omniscient Reader'.
But I wanted to say that this time. Perhaps Cha Yerin will understand what I mean.
—I see.
Maybe only she understands.
<!>[Activate 'Character List'!]
+
Character: Lee Seyeon (Cha Yerin)
Potential: A+
Core Setting: Literature Girl (S)
Description: A literary girl who reads more books than anyone else in class 2, and remembers all the books she has read even once. There is a strange amount of information about the Academy.
+
We looked at the sunset-filled campus with wry smiles.
—I didn't know that this 'world view' would be turned into a scenario.
I also nodded.
—Class number identified by alphabet. The background setting is similar to 'Omniscient Reader'. Constellations and Demon Lords. And…
We simultaneously looked at the school name written on the campus.
'Philia Hunter Academy'.
There may be many 'academy settings' in the world, but there is only one academy with that name.
—I wonder if this is how Asuka Ren felt.
This school was the 'Hunter Academy' from the novel I had finished writing—『Infinite Prison Guard』.
In other words, this scenario was similar to the situation in 'Peace Land'.
Just as Kim Dokja received help from the original protagonist, Kyrgios, in Peace Land,
—Have you found the main character?
We just need to find the main character safely in this worldview.
<&>「Ma Hyunsung, student of Class 2 of Philia Hunter Academy.」
The main character's name seems similar to Lee Hyunsung, but that's just a coincidence.
—Once you find that friend, this scenario is over.
Ma Hyunsung is a typical Yoo Joonghyuk type protagonist.
As long as I could get my hands on that talent, I had nothing to fear, whether the enemy in this scenario was the Chinese Zodiac or the Gourmet Association.
—That is…
However, Cha Yerin’s expression was not good.
I asked just in case.
—Do you remember the main character’s name?
—Yes. But perhaps there is no Ma Hyunsung in this 'world'.
—Yes? Why? It's already time for him to transfer school…
For reference, Ma Hyunsung transferred to this school in the early third year. So Ma Hyunsung should have been a member of class 2 by now.
Cha Yerin, who hesitated for a moment, said.
—The author was asleep during the fifth scenario, so you probably don’t know.
I wondered what this was all about.
<!>[The world view examines your movements.]
Our world view was slowly becoming suspicious of us, but we couldn't stop the conversation because the timing was right.
—What do you mean?
—Hunter Ma Hyunsung appeared as one of the disasters in the 'fifth scenario'.
—Huh?
I instinctively looked at the campus's entrance. Yoo Joonghyuk, who had been sitting on the landing a moment ago, had disappeared somewhere and was nowhere to be seen.
Cha Yerin said.
—Hunter Ma Hyunsung was killed by Yoo Joonghyuk in the fifth scenario.
