<title>767 Episode 33 Ball (6)
Soon, Yoo Jonghyuk came out of the smoke. His eyes were still focused on my colleagues.
Cha Sungwoo, Cha Yerin, Lee Dansu, and Kyung Sein.
I couldn't tell which of them he was looking at.
However, Yoo Jonghyuk spoke clearly.
He said, 'He kept his promise.'
What on earth does that mean?
Could it be that one of them was one of the Ten Evils, or an equivalent villain, in Yoo Jonghyuk's previous round?
If so.
Can we say that it was just a coincidence that I and the readers possessed 'villain' characters?
"Kim Dokja."
Yoo Jonghyuk's expression, who came out of the smoke, was strangely stiff.
Someone was opening the school gate and coming in.
<&>「A slim body and a pitch-black cloak. A deeply pressed black hat and a black mask reminiscent of steampunk.」
The boy slowly raised his head and was looking at us.
I felt strange inside.
"This year’s graduates are terrible."
The boy who was clearly in front of the school gate was behind me the next moment.
The speed is such that even Yoo Jonghyuk can't react.
The moment when Yoo Jonghyuk, with his eyes wide open, reflexively tries to activate [Hundred Steps Godly Fists ].:
"Ah, you’re here!"
Teacher Yang flapped her wings and flew up to the rooftop. Teacher Yang took turns introducing us and the boy.
"Guys, say hello. This is 'Old School' from class 2, who came to help you with this graduation exam."
Old school?
That kid is a graduate of this school?
"This friend’s name is—"
"Get your mind straight."
The boy shot back in a cold voice and glanced at us with murderous eyes.
"When you go into that forest, it’s common to find yourself in a situation like just now. Next time I see you not be vigilant  again—"
The boy glared at me with a cold gaze and warned me in a tone like Yoo Jonghyuk.
"Then I will kill you myself."
***
To be honest, when I first entered this worldview, I was optimistic about the situation.
It is not a different worldview, but the worldview of the novel I serialized.
Even though the difficulty level of the worldview was the worst, I thought it was worth a try. Because I did not enter this world alone.
Because there are readers and other characters.
For example,
"What? Get out."
Yes, Kim Namwoon can do that.
He's not a really smart guy, so it wouldn't be surprising if he didn't recognize me.
"Kim Namwoon, stop bullying the kids in inferior classes."
But Lee Jihye was there too.
"Namwoon. We are not a gang, but a student council."
Lee Hyunsung too.
"What’s wrong with your outfit? What’s wrong with your tie?"
It was a bit shocking to see that even Jung Heewon, the vice president of the student council, did not recognize me at all.
At first, I thought they couldn't recognize me because my face had changed, but that didn't seem to be the case.
"Excuse me."
"Yes"
"Oh, no. I guess I saw it wrong."
Shin Yoosoung seemed to recognize me a little, but then her face turned red and she ran away.
I was wondering if they were suffering from a status abnormality, so I tried using [Character List].
<!>['Character list' cannot be used for this person.]
Never before has such a message appeared to a 'character'. It was even impossible for such a message to appear to a person who I had already used [Character List] on.
That wasn't the end of the strange messages.
<!>[Someone is viewing the 'character information' of the person in question.]
Is there someone other than me who can use [Character List]?
No, rather, could [List of Characters] be written this way?
<&>「The information of the person being viewed by someone cannot be read.」
In the main story, two characters with [Character List] never faced each other.
Because Kim Dokja was a unique being.
But this time things were a little different. The reason was obvious.
"It’s Goo Senoah!"
A voice came from one end of the hallway. As I watched the noisy students split up like waves, I realized who the 'main character' chosen by this world view was.
"Student President Goo Seonah."
Talented, excellent grades, outstanding in literature and martial arts. The protagonist of Class A, who possessed all the so-called 'main character attributes', was walking.
The moment my eyes met hers, I understood the words of Dansu ahjussi and Kyung Sein.
<&>「She looks like Kim Dokja.」
I felt like I finally knew what that meant. Indeed, her face subtly resembled mine.
<!>[Story 'Heir of the Eternal Name' growls.]
If Kim Dokja had a daughter or younger sister, would she have a face similar to mine?
Every time she approached, the students became agitated.
I'm nervous. If this is really an 'academy setting', now is the time for something to happen.
<&>「An incident where the excellent class A started a fight with the inferior class 2.」
However, as if to avoid such academic clichés, Goo Seonah quietly glared at me right in front of me and passed by.
However, she left a strange comment.
—It won’t work out the way you think.
I reached out for her arm as she passed by.
I know why you are against me, but I wanted to tell you that there is a misunderstanding. Now is not the time to fight among ourselves, and this is not a scenario to be wasted.
But.
"It’s difficult."
My hand was caught in Lee Hyunsung’s large grip.
An inexplicable feeling of disappointment suddenly rose up. But I didn't know what to say. It was unclear whether this feeling I was feeling right now was appropriate.
At that time, someone grabbed Lee Hyunsung by the collar.
"You idiot, are you sure that you don’t even recognize Kim Dokja?"
It was Killer King.
"That guy is Kim Dokja. The same Kim Dokja you were protecting. But Lee Hyunsung, how dare you—!"
"W-what are you doing?"
Lee Hyunsung, who was embarrassed, was grabbed by Killer King and shook helplessly.
"Kang Ilhoon-ssi."
Only after hearing what I said did Killer King let go of the hand that was holding Lee Hyunsung's collar. Lee Hyunsung looked at us with a puzzled expression and soon followed after Goo Seonah.
Killer King muttered as he watched Lee Hyunsung's back as he walked away.
"Don’t you feel unfair?"
"What do you mean?"
"They are your colleagues."
Colleague.
For some reason, the moment I heard those words, I felt like I was in a daze.
"Is there no way?"
"…"
"I heard from Yerin. It seems like this world was created by you."
I couldn't answer anything.
Because I don't have the 'delusionist' attribute.
"I understand that the <Star Stream> has a system that notifies the original author with a  citation when borrowing a world view."
I also had the same question as Killer King.
If this world was truly the 『Infinite Prison Guard』 that I know, I should have been notified before the scenario began.
Asuka Ren, the copyright holder of 'Peace Land', also received a similar email from tIs123.
But I didn't receive any message.
Why? Is it saying that it doesn't  need to ask me for permission?
"And who  is that guy again?"
When I raised my head at Killer King's words, I saw the shadow of a boy glaring at me from a dark place on the stairs.
"I don’t know either."
It was definitely the unidentified old school boy I saw the other day.
After that, the boy appeared near me every time and said the same thing.
—If you don’t come to your senses, I will kill you.
What's certain is that he doesn't seem like a person who would kill me.
***
We continued cleaning at Teacher Yang's request.
"Class Z might not be able to participate in the graduation exam?"
"I’m still cleaning—"
We collected and collected points. 200 points, 300 points, 400 points.
It would have been nice to receive another task with more points, but unfortunately, there were no tasks left.
"There was a reason why Teacher Yang had us clean."
This was because all other point assignments were completed in the 'honors class'.
"It’s actually a good situation, you know."
Cha Yerin would know.
<&>「'Cleaning' was a task Ma Hyunsung performed every day until graduation.」
Even in the original work, the main character, Ma Hyunsung, performed a 'cleaning task' every time. That was because he had the trait of [compulsive cleaning], but there was another purpose as well.
<!>[You are currently carrying out 'campus cleaning'.]
<!>[While performing 'school cleaning', you may enter restricted areas of the school.]
'Closed sports warehouse' in the annex.
'Behind the teacher’s office' used for storing old teaching materials.
The 'secret library' in the school library.
The advantage of the cleaning assignment is that you can access the 'hidden places' of the school as a student.
The main character, Ma Hyunsung, performed this task every time and acquired hidden items, and the same was true for us.
"Oooh! Dokja-ssi! Look at this!"
The first place where an item was discovered was the 'Closed Sports Warehouse'.
SSS level item, 'Ancient Insect Toshi'.
It was an upwardly compatible item with  the 'Hermit’s Cloak' with its 「Camouflage」 story.
"I’ll give this to you."
A concealment item that can be used by manipulating insects and using the power of the King Chungjong, is suitable for use by Dansu ahjussi with low physical strength.
Next, there was an item found 'behind the teacher’s office'.
SSS level item, 'Tin Armor'.
The tin armor was worn over CPR training material.
Honestly, I had no idea this was here. This is because this item is one that even 'Ma Hyunsung', the main character in the main story, could not obtain.
<&>「Evolution material for 'Steel Lumberjack Armor'.」
This item could later be upgraded to 'Steel Lumberjack Armor', one of the relics of the Master of Steel, by purchasing materials.
"Sein-ssi should use this."
"Is that really okay?"
"It's possible."
"Aaaah!"
Lastly, in the 'Secret Library', I found a half-glove with a small jewel embedded in it.
'Hyeoloksu' of Hyeolgwiin, a retired master of the first martial arts group.
Among the group, there are two people who are good at martial arts .
However, since Yoo Jonghyuk did not show much interest, the owner of the item naturally became Cha Yerin, who fights based on [Daejeon fighting].
"Thank you."
Cha Yerin smiled faintly, as if she liked the newly acquired gloves.
"But Dokja-ssi, you didn’t get anything…"
"I’m fine."
The items I have obtained so far are sufficient.
The only thing I lack right now is magical ability.
Fortunately, I was making up for the lack of magical power by inhaling the 'mana tobacco' that Yoo Jonghyuk had left on the rooftop after school.
As I watched the group grow, I was reminded of Ma Hyunsung, the main character in 『Infinite Prison Guard』.
Perhaps Ma Hyunsung in the story felt the same way as me.
<&>「'Infinite Prison Guard' is the story of the main character, Ma Hyunsung, gathering his colleagues to subdue the 'Forest of Demons.'」
In the story, Ma Hyunsung finds the special skills of the students in class 2, and strengthens their  power by matching items and equipment together. As a result, Class 2 sheds its stigma of being an inferior class and proudly participates in the 'graduation exam' along with the honors class.
<&>「The graduation exam involves hunting the 'target demon' in the 'Forest of Demons'.」
However, the story becomes somewhat worse from that point on.
<&>「During the graduation exam, Ma Hyunsung loses his colleagues.」
In that fight, Ma Hyunsung loses all his companions, but after awakening, he succeeds in subduing the great demons.
And Ma Hyunsung witnesses the truth of this world at the end of the forest.
<!>[You have reached the world ending.]
It turns out that this world he fought for, risking his life, was an elaborately created 'virtual reality'.
<!>[Do you want to 'replay' the world?]
It turns out that Ma Hyunsung's world was destroyed a long time ago, and he was the last surviving human being.
He was reliving the same memory over and over again through his awakening ability, [Save].
Although he knows that the ending of the save file is fixed, he forgets that fact and repeats the world being destroyed infinitely each time.
"Thanks to you, the school is tidy. Good job, friends."
We looked at the cleaned campus with Teacher Yang.
Ma Hyunsung, who pressed the 'replay' button, must have cleaned this campus several times. Even though he knew that the campus would become dirty again, he would have continued to clean up the trash.
For those he remembers, for those who leave cigarettes on this campus and leave footprints.
<&>「"Cleaning has to be done every day."」
Even though he knew the identity of the world, Ma Hyunsung did not destroy the save file.
Rather, in order to remember this destruction, he repeats this world over and over again for an infinite amount of time.
And is it really a coincidence that the 'Recycling Center' chose this 'Infinite Prison Guard' out of many 
worldviews?
Teacher Yang spoke to us with a satisfied smile.
"Now that you have reached all 500 points, there is now the final step."
"Is there anything else left?"
"Well, you need to get approval for the exam... Dokja, can you follow me for a moment? Only the principal can give approval for the graduation test."
I nodded and followed after Teacher Yang.
"Are you going to the principal’s office?"
"Yes."
We walked down the cleaned hallway together. When we walked around looking at the playground we cleaned up together, we walked a little slowly. The school playground covered with bright green grass looked like a field of heaven.
"Teacher."
Teacher Yang glanced behind me at my question.
"How did you become a teacher?"
"Well, it’s a secret."
"Do you get paid a lot if you become a teacher?"
Teacher Yang laughed lightly at my words.
"It’s unpaid."
"Yes? Then why are you doing it?"
"Dokja."
"Yes?"
Teacher Yang, who was walking ahead, stopped. I stopped next to Teacher Yang.
"Once you get to the principal’s office, the graduation exams will really start. Then you won’t be able to stop. I mean—"
Teacher Yang continued speaking after a moment.
"You don’t have to graduate."
"Then I have to continue to be a student."
"If you are a student, your teacher can protect you."
Teacher Yang's eyes moved slowly. I also turned my head to follow her gaze.
"It’s okay to make mistakes here. Even if you throw away trash or break the rules, you just have to get punished like cleaning the school grounds."
We looked out the window together. A lush forest stretched beyond the playground we cleaned.
Ma Hyunsung said.
<&>「The forest hides the truth.」
Like Ma Hyunsung, I too will go beyond that forest.
And maybe I'll discover a truth I don't want.
"I have to graduate. That’s why I came to school."
"You don’t have to."
"If I don’t graduate."
I saw Teacher Yang.
Actually I know.
Why were we able to spend our time cleaning leisurely?
Why was the 'graduation exam', which was supposed to start right away, delayed?
In this harsh worldview, why has 'nothing happened' to us yet?
"It’s hard to be a teacher."
The star who loved Kim Dokja more than anyone else in 『Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint』.
The teacher's eyes widened as if she was looking at me.
I left the teacher behind and started walking alone. A few steps away was the door to the teacher's office.
Standing in front of the door, I slowly looked back at her.
"Thank you, Uriel."
