<title>803 Episode 39 Rumor (2)
<?>Please refrain from changing chapters’ format i.e. font, letter size, color, background, etc… If you really need to, please open a separate copy.During the Murim era when the system had not yet been introduced, the martial artists divided their martial arts proficiency into vague concepts such as '1-star' or '10-star'.
However, the criteria for this 'star' were vague even among the martial artists.
For example, some people said that the section where the sword handle glowed blue was '5-star of Changgung Muae Sword Technique', while others said that the section where the sword blade glowed blue was '5-star of Changgung Muae Sword Technique'.
Because of that, if one of the family's masters started lying, saying, "I'm 10-star of Changgung Muae Sword Technique, but since then, the color of the sword has disappeared," it wasn't easy to even debunk that lie.
However, after the system was introduced and the 'new martial arts' began, everything changed.
<&>「It became an era where no one could lie about their own realm.」
Jewanggeom Namgung Jincheon was a martial artist from the so-called 'new martial arts' generation. A generation that was familiar with learning refined martial arts from a young age as [skills] and evaluating the proficiency of those skills based on their level.
<!>[The skill level of the exclusive skill 'Changgungmuaegeombeop' has increased!]
Namgung Jincheon liked his era.
An era where nothing was hidden.
He grew up in an honest martial arts world, a world of clear desires.
<&>「Higher level. Stronger skills.」
That was the only motto of the 'new martial arts world'.
Following that motto, he trained martial arts, leveled up, and collected coins.
He cleared the scenarios.
He hunted spirits such as the 'Five Hundred Year Old Weasel', the 'Three Hundred Year Old Toad', and the 'Golden Fur Boar', and even participated in a raid to hunt the 'Giant Imugi'.
However, the stern elders of the martial arts world did not acknowledge his strength.
"The current ones don't know. Do you know how hard it was to learn martial arts in my time?"
"Martial arts are enlightenment. A martial artist without enlightenment cannot become truly strong."
Namgung Jincheon thought.
What the hell is enlightenment? Isn't enlightenment something that is sold in the 'Dokkaebi Bag' anyway? If what you say is true, shouldn't you be stronger than me?
Namgung Jincheon, who was called the Emperor's Sword, became arrogant. He ignored the martial arts world and despised the old elders.
It was like that until it appeared in the martial arts world one day.
<&>「It appeared, tearing through the darkness of the sky.」
The shadow of a giant snake that turned day into night.
<#>【Who messed with my children?】
The martial arts people who heard the incantation died, spitting out blood.
Namgung Jincheon raised his internal energy and desperately resisted the pressure, but instinctively he had a premonition of certain defeat.
<&>「Humans are no match for him.」
Namgung Jincheon immediately asked the constellations for help.
The followers of 'Namgung Sega' who recognized his talent early on and supported him.
They could solve this situation.
<!>[The constellation 'Master of Spears' escapes the channel.]
<!>[The constellation 'Master Kwon-gak' escapes the channel.]
<!>[Many constellations from the martial arts world escape the channel!]
…
Namgung Jincheon despaired. Even the great constellations that taught him martial arts were running away from him.
<#>【◼️Ah◼️Ah◼️Ah◼️Ah◼️Ah◼️Ah】
The ten best martial artists of the time were brutally torn apart by the teeth of the Imoogi. The martial artists who were defeated by the Outer God continued to chant the same words like a chant even after their necks were cut off.
Save me. In a landscape where the boundaries of reality were blurred, Namgung Jincheon witnessed a baby Imoogi tearing off the skin of the faces of the martial artists.
The skin of the faces that were torn off soon became the scales of the Imoogi King. Scales made from the skins of hundreds of thousands of humans.
A martial artist who was shaking his shoulders next to him began to mutter.
"Save, save, save, die, save, die, save, die, Imoogi, Imoogi-nim has come. He has come to destroy the martial arts world. He has come to avenge the grudge of the old martial arts world. He has ascended to heaven as a dragon—"
The martial artists around him muttered strange words one by one as if possessed.
Namgung Jincheon desperately raised his magical power to maintain his sanity, but now even that was his limit.
The martial arts world was over. No one could deny that fact.
At that moment, the elder who was bleeding next to him said.
"Jincheon. It's okay. The Sword Master hasn't come yet."
Namgung Jincheon laughed at that.
Sword Master. Was there still someone left in this martial arts world who could be called that?
The constellations had fled, and the ten greatest masters in the world had died. In this martial arts world where there was nothing left, who on earth was left?
<&>「And then Namgung Jincheon saw.」
A shadow confronting the snake covering the sky.
There was a giant standing before the snake king, who had everyone kneeling.
<!>[The martial arts world I think of is a 'forest'.]
A voice filled with majestic spirit.
Despite the roar of the Imoogi King, the giant silently looked around at the martial arts people and asked a question.
<!>[I'll ask. What do you think the 'martial arts world' is?]
It was just a question. However, no one there dared answer. The being who asked the question was too great.
So instead of answering the question, the martial arts people decided to accept the questioner's answer.
"Everyone gather!"
The elders shouted. The martial arts people supported the fallen martial arts people. Like trees entwining each other’s roots, the martial artists stood supporting each other.
The martial arts world soon became one forest.
"Breaking the Sky Sword Saint has arrived!"
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint .
That day, Namgung Jincheon first learned that name.
<!>[That is your answer.]
A being whose strength cannot be measured by any skill she possessed.
An incarnation that directly repels the Outer God that even the constellations fear.
<!>[We cannot let the forest collapse because of a single snake.]
The night sky was breaking apart. Namgung Jincheon sank to the ground as he watched the horde of swords rising like meteors from the sword pole and the body of the Imoogi King being torn apart helplessly.
<!>[Are you the new head of Namgung’s household?]
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint , who had already come down to earth, was looking at him. Breaking the Sky Sword Saint  offered him something as he gasped for breath, unable to even answer.
<!>[Eat it.]
It was a dumpling. Namgung Jincheon thought as he chewed the dumpling he received with trembling hands.
The strongest in this martial arts world was not one of the ten best martial artists in the world, nor Namgung Sega-ju, nor even the constellations of great men.
<&>「The strongest in the first martial arts world is 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint  Namgung Minyeong'.」
Dozens of years had already passed since that day, and Breaking the Sky Sword Saint  went into seclusion again. Naturally, the taste of the dumplings from that day had also disappeared from his memory.
And now, Namgung Jincheon was selling the memories of that day to earn coins.
"Our Four Hundred Guardians really liked martial arts dumplings, didn't they?"
"Oh, are these really the dumplings from that day?"
"Yes."
It was nonsense. Namgung Jincheon could no longer remember what the dumplings from that day tasted like.
"I miss those days."
What was important now was the Namgung family's martial arts dumplings that were about to be launched. And the enormous coins those dumplings would earn. Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, who they couldn't even tell if she was alive or dead; Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, who helped Namgung Segae;they were no longer important to him.
That was when the head of a little boy caught his eye.
'A beggar?'
A boy with messy hair was eating dumplings nearby.
Namgung Jincheon tried to signal the boy to move away with his eyes, but when he saw the boy's face hidden under the messy hair, he was greatly impressed.
'What a handsome boy. He's similar to me when I was young.'
Namgung Jincheon smiled happily as he watched the boy munching on dumplings like he did in his youth.
That was until the little boy in question opened his mouth.
"The filling of the dumplings wasn't cooked evenly."
At first, he thought he had heard wrong.
"These aren't  murim dumplings."
He heard a murmur from the surroundings. Fortunately, it seemed that not many people had heard the boy yet. Namgung Jincheon, who smiled awkwardly, shrugged his shoulders and covered up the situation.
Right now, he could have just let it go. The kid’s words were not important at all. What was important was the results of the 'dumpling competition' that he was about to announce—
"This is not  a murim dumpling."
The voice resonated clearly. This time, it was filled with internal energy, so he couldn’t ignore it.
Namgung Jincheon narrowed his eyes and asked.
"Who is this boy?"
"I am Yoo Joonghyuk."
Namgung Jincheon tilted his head.
Yoo Joonghyuk? I’ve heard that name somewhere.
"How dare you! Do you know who this person is—"
The Namgung Sega’s warriors approached him and began to show off their aura toward the kid. However, the kid didn’t even blink.
Namgung Jincheon looked down at the kid with a cold gaze and asked.
"You are a very spirited boy. Where is your master?"
Sighs came out from everywhere.
In this situation, asking the master meant that Namgung Sega had made up his mind.
Some said that the kid was finished, and others said that even the kid's master was finished.
And when the kid finally said his master’s name.
"Breaking the Sky Sword Saint."
Everyone there fell silent.
The ominous smile of Namgung Jincheon broke the silence.
"From now on, this boy will have to take responsibility for his answer."
***
After a while, we were captured and taken away by Namgung Sega's men (to be exact, only Yoo Jonghyuk was taken away, and I was hiding in Yoo Jonghuk's pocket).
Before we knew it, we could see the wooden mansion of Namgung Sega in the distance. It was a truly magnificent mansion at a glance.
They say that the five great families of martial arts are the best, so I guess they must have made a lot of coins.
I can see a broken barn over there. I guess the barn we destroyed the roof of was also Namgung Sega's.
—Kim Dok-ja.
—Why.
—I did as you told me.
—Good job.
In fact, revealing the truth in front of Namgung Jincheon was our plan. To be honest, I didn’t know Yoo Jonghyuk could act this well.
—What’s the next plan?
—There isn’t one.
Yoo Jonghyuk was silent for a moment as if he was trying to figure out what I meant, then glared at me and said.
—You, what are you up to right now…
—Just stay still.
—Don’t you know who that guy is? It’s Namgung Jincheon, the King of the Five Great Segaju.
—I know. Namgung Segaju, who has a completely different personality, would you fight Jaerang?
—If you fight like this, you’ll lose to anyone.
—Really? Then just stay still.
—You.
—One thirty steps to the southwest.
—What?
—Two fifty steps to the northeast.
Yoo Jonghyuk looked around hurriedly at my words. I added, stopping Yoo Jonghyuk.
—Don’t look back. It’ll catch their eye.
I have been activating the story fragment ever since Yoo Jonghyuk met Namgung Jincheon.
<!>[Story fragment 'Daytime Words Are Heard by Birds' continues its storytelling.]
This story fragment does not simply listen to words. If you concentrate and listen carefully, you can even read the unique presence conveyed in the breathing sound.
And within a hundred meters radius, there were a few well-hidden incarnations.
—Have you ever made anything like a grudge in the martial arts world?
—I just made one.
—Not Namgung Jincheon.
—None.
You shouldn’t take Yoo Jonghyuk’s 'none' at face value. That guy just hung up on his enemies who were jealous and envious, even though he didn’t know it himself.
—Then the answer is already set.
—The constellations’ subordinates.
I nodded.
The constellations that lost us near the 'Void Curtain' had deployed their incarnations to the scenario area inside the curtain.
—I don’t think we’ve been caught yet. I think they’re hesitating too.
—But it’s just a matter of time.
—Yes. That’s why we carried out this operation.
Yoo Jonghyuk’s steps paused for a moment. Only then did he realize it.
—No way.
The only way to protect us in this martial arts world while being chased by the constellations.
—If Namgung Sega is here, the constellations won’t be able to invade easily. Since the 'Outer God incident', Namgung Sega has been estranged from the constellations.
—Is that why you provoked Namgung Jincheon?
—That’s right.
Since when has the name 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint' been taboo for Namgung Sega?
—I don’t know about others, but I believed that Jewang Swordsman would be caught. He had tried to enter 'Breaking the Sky Swordsman' before.
It’s a secret story that only appears in 'Ways of Survival', but Namgung Jincheon was impressed by Breaking the Sky Sword Saint’s martial arts and visited her several times. It was to learn Breaking the Sky Sword Saint’s martial arts.
—You know quite a bit about him. Then you should know how he’s going to treat us now.
—He won’t harm us. On the surface, that is.
In 'The First Martial Arts World', Jewang Swordsman is known as a gentleman. So, in order to protect that image, he won't hurt us until the 'Dumpling Competition' is over.
The problem is what comes next.
—Do you think he'll take us to Sega and treat us to delicacies?
—How could he possibly do that? We'd be thrown in prison right away. We could even be beaten with a stick.
—I don't want to get beaten with a stick.
Of course, I don't intend to do that. In this world, the only one who can beat Yoo Jonghyuk's butt is Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.
—If you come out like that, show them a little Breaking the Sky Sword Saint martial arts. You can just show them a simple first step.
—Do you think he'll help us then? Because he tried to be taught by Breaking the Sky Sword Saint before?
—No, you'll be shocked. Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, who refused him saying that it's a martial art that only women can learn, has taken another little boy as his disciple. Maybe he'll take off your pants first.
Yoo Jonghyuk, who had been walking smoothly, stopped dead in his tracks. I felt the startled Namgung Sega's warriors looking back at Yoo Joonghyuk.
I quickly added before Yoo Jonghyuk went berserk.
—Listen. This is still the fastest way.
—I don't need to listen to you anymore.
—You have to listen. This is the fastest way to meet 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint'.
Yoo Joonghyuk said. His memories will be completely restored in three days, which meant that if we somehow endured for three days, we could escape Namgung Sega and find Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.
<!>[Your incarnation body is in danger.]
The problem is that my incarnation body is expected to collapse before those 'three days' pass.
—This is the fastest way?
—How fast do you think the rumors in the martial arts world are?
A kid who insulted Namgung Sega's dumplings appeared in the 'Murim Dumpling Competition' that the 'First Murim' was paying attention to. But what if that kid is known to be a disciple of 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint' who has not appeared in decades?
—As you know, Breaking the Sky Sword Saint does not have a 'new disciple' right now.
We are not going to find her.
—Breaking the Sky Sword Saint will come to us.
