<title>809 Episode 40 Terror order (1)
I tried to start a Holy war? I didn't know such a ridiculous rumor would spread in an instant.
<!>[Your infamy is spreading throughout <Star Stream>.]
<!>[Your new story is affected by your infamy.]
I tried to make an excuse, but I just stopped.
After all, infamy is fame, so there's nothing wrong with it. If you build up your fame, it'll help your story.
"Anyway, I'm really impressed by you. Of course, I knew you weren't ordinary when you impersonated Kyrgios' disciple."
"Please keep the story of the impersonation a secret."
"Hehe, of course. But why 'Terror' of all things? Are you planning to cause another major accident?"
"We've already caused enough accidents. I just volunteered here to live. To be honest, I think it'd be better to go to Terror than to fight the 12 Gods of <Olympus>."
I thought it was an honest answer, but for some reason, he sighed.
"You 'volunteered' for the Terror Spirit Expedition to survive... You always surprise me."
"Didn't the Ark volunteer too?"
"I've thought about it a lot."
"You're being too humble."
"It's not being humble. I think you and I are the only ones who 'volunteered' for this expedition."
"Huh? Then what about the others?"
"They're being dragged away."
"Huh..."
"You didn't know?"
He sighed once again.
"Do you know exactly what the 'Terror Spirit Expedition' is?"
"Isn't this the task of dispatching an expedition to explore the 'dark dimension' of the terror spirit?
"Do you also know why they do such things in the martial arts world?"
"Isn't it because of the Outer God incident?"
'Outer God incident'.
The Outer God 'Imoogi King' who crossed the terror spirit invaded the 'First Murim' and massacred half of the Blue Dragon Castle's warriors.
In the end, thanks to the efforts of Breaking the Sky Sword Saint , they succeeded in repelling the outer god, but that day, Murim had to experience the horror of the Outer gods harshly.
"I heard that the 'Terror Spirit Expedition' is to inspect the entrance area of ​​the terror spirit so that something like that doesn't happen again."
Of course, what Jewanggeom asked me and Yoo Jonghyuk was to confirm the 'end of the terror spirit', but honestly, I had no intention of granting such a request.
<&>「The 'end of the terror spirit' is not properly described in the 'Ways of Survival'.」
Why would we do something like that when our lives are at stake? Will you do it?
"They say that the Terror Spirit is a scary place, but I heard that the strategy for the beginning and middle areas is quite well known."
No matter how high the nightmare of the 'Terror Spirit Expedition' is, this expedition had already passed the 100th time.
While there were numerous deaths, the martial artists began to gradually figure out the strategy for the 'Terror Spirit', and some were quite well-versed in the beginning and middle areas in particular.
Among the masters of the Five Great Sages, there were those who quickly reached transcendence through the 'Terror Spirit' strategy.
I also obtained information related to it through the 'Ways of Survival'.
So no matter how terrifying the 'Terror Spirit' was, I was confident that I could survive to some extent.
Cheon-gae, who had been silently listening to me, nodded.
"You're right. The strategy for the 'Terror Spirit' is well known up to the beginning and middle areas. That's why the survival rate has been steadily increasing up until now."
"Then why do you think it's dangerous? Are you planning on checking the 'end of the terror'?"
"That's crazy. I don't plan on doing that."
"Then..."
"To be honest, I didn't just 'volunteer' either."
Cheon-gae seemed to hesitate a little, wondering whether to say that or not.
"Actually, I was asked to do so."
"A favor?"
"The five great lords came to me in person and asked me to inspect the inside of the 'terror'."
It was incomprehensible.
Why would they ask Cheon-gae, a constellation from the martial arts world, at this time?
"As you know, the 'terror expedition' is an important event in the martial arts world. It's not only to defend against foreign enemies beyond the terror, but also because it can produce powerful masters through the terror."
Cheon-gae looked around and continued speaking in a slightly smaller voice.
"That's why they've been sending additional expeditions every now and then. For example, the 188th, 189th, and 190th expeditions were carried out consecutively with only a month between them."
It was clear why they did such a thing.
This was especially true considering the strange hostility that the King Sword Namgung Jincheon had toward the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.
<&>「They dream of a Murim without a single 'god'.」
The 'First Murim' had now entered the process of 'producing Transcendents'.
"But I heard that all news of the incarnations who entered the Terror Realm has been cut off recently."
"Don't you get cut off when you enter the Terror Realm? It's a place that is separated from the outside world in terms of time and space."
"The lord obtained an item that allowed them to communicate with the outside world from within the Terror Realm about 10 times ago through a contract with the 'Demon King of the Horizon'."
The Demon King of the Horizon.
I never thought that Murim would make deals with them.
"But the fact that we lost contact…"
Cheon-gae nodded with a heavy expression.
"No one has returned alive from the Territory in the past three rounds."
Maybe because of what Cheon-gae said. The expressions of the people lined up in the stadium felt different than before. The expressions that I had thought were solemn were now stained with the fear of death, and some even burst into tears or waved their hands.
"It won’t be that big of a deal."
I know I shouldn’t say such things in the <Star Stream>.
But this time, I had a reason.
"Even if something happens in the Territory, this time, you are here. And above all… this is the 20th scenario area."
Of course, the difficulty of the scenarios gets harder as the scenario number increases.
For example, in the 40th scenario, part of the solar system could be destroyed, and if you reach the 60th scenario, the constellations could be annihilated. Even after the 80th scenario, a disaster that threatens the safety of the <Star Stream> appears.
However, this was still the 20th scenario.
As long as this 'First Murim' is the 20th scenario area, the difficulty of 'Terror Spirit Expedition' cannot go beyond that level.
However, the expression on Cheon-gae's face when he heard me was strange.
"You, have you not read the scenario yet?"
"Yes?"
"Read it right now."
I started reading the scenario. Fortunately, if you look at the content itself, it was a scenario that was not particularly special.
+
<Main Scenario #◼️◼️ - Terror Spirit Expedition>
Category: Main
Difficulty: ??
Clear Conditions: Explore the Terror Spirit and return after completing the exploration level.
Time Limit: None
Reward: ???
Failure: Death
+
Participate in the Terror Spirit Expedition and return after completing the exploration level. That was as I knew. However, the problem was,
"What on earth is this, sir?"
"It seems you've finally confirmed it."
This scenario, there is no scenario 'number'.
There was no way this could be.
There have been various types of scenarios so far, but has there ever been a scenario without a scenario number?
If such a scenario exists, this much is certain.
<&>「This scenario may not be the '20th scenario'.」
I had an ominous feeling.
Maybe I should turn around and leave the venue right now.
I have to find Yoo Jonghyuk.
I just happened to see Yoo Jonghyuk on the stage in the venue far away.
"Next, I will introduce the expedition leader of this 'terror expedition'."
The crowd's enthusiastic cheers filled the venue.
Yoo Jonghyuk was glaring at the crowd as if he had no interest in the cheers, and was busy moving his eyes. It was clear who he was looking for.
"Sir, I should go quickly. I have to meet my group."
"Okay."
"See you again."
I gave Cheongae a quick greeting and pushed my way through the crowd toward the stage at the convention hall.
In the meantime, the speech on the stage continued.
"The name of this small boy is Yoo Jonghyuk. He is the disciple of the famous 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint'."
The introductions were finally starting.
As soon as the host finished speaking, the convention hall was thrown into confusion. It was understandable. After all, 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint' had been mentioned.
"Breaking the Sky Sword Saint! Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's disciple has appeared!"
"Are you talking about that kid?"
"He's not a master who has been defeated by the enemy, is he?"
"He's really the disciple of Breaking the Sky Sword Saint?"
"Didn't Breaking the Sky Sword Saint not accept disciples?"
"Why are you suddenly introducing that little thief?"
Jewang Sword, who was standing on the stage, concluded his speech as if to dismiss the audience's questions.
"Yoo Jonghyuk, the little thief, will be the expedition leader for this expedition."
It wasn't enough that Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's disciple had appeared, he became the leader of this 'expedition'. The commotion in the hall was explosive in many ways.
"Oh my! Are you in your right mind?"
"Listen, Jewang Swordsman! Are you crazy right now?"
"Don't lie! Breaking the Sky Sword Saint would never accept a brat like that as her disciple!"
"Jewang Swordsman! Answer! How are you going to prove that brat is Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's disciple?"
"Where is Sogaju Namgung Myung! The original leader of this expedition was Namgung Sohyeop!"
Listening to the crowd's complaints, I now had a rough idea of ​​how things were going.
Originally, the leader of Namgung Sega was supposed to be the leader of this expedition.
But Yoo Jonghyuk, who suddenly appeared, took that position.
"Hey, Jewang Swordsman! This time, Namgung Sega was supposed to send a leader! But now you're saying you're going to make an outsider the leader?"
"Not an outsider!"
Jewang Swordsman's deep internal energy and powerful voice echoed throughout the arena.
"He's a disciple of Breaking the Sky Sword Saint! Although he's not Namgung's blood relative, if he inherited Breaking the Sky's martial arts, he's no different from Namgung's family!"
"But—"
"Comrades of the Gangho! Do you dare doubt the reputation of Breaking the Sky Sword Master now?"
Cheon-gae said. There were no survivors in the recent '3rd' expedition.
Then the reason why Jewang Swordsman appointed Yoo Jonghyuk as the expedition leader was clear.
It was truly the utmost love for his son.
"If anyone has any complaints, please speak up. If the disciple of 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint' is not qualified to be the expedition leader, then who on earth can represent our Murim?"
Of course, there was no one who could object to that. Breaking the Sky Sword Saint Namgung Min-yeong was an absolute powerhouse recognized by everyone in Murim.
But.
"That would be when that boy is 'a true disciple of Breaking the Sky Sword Saint'."
"T-That's right. That kid is the disciple of Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. How can we prove it?"
"No matter how you look at him, he looks like a boy, so how can he have inherited the martial arts of Breaking the Sky?"
The problem is this.
How can we prove that Yoo Jonghyuk is the disciple of Breaking the Sky Sword Saint?
If Yoo Jonghyuk's little penalty was lifted, then it would be different. Right now, Yoo Jonghyuk has even forgotten [Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship].
"Emperor's Sword! Prove it!"
The excited crowd looked ready to jump up onto the stage at any moment.
But the Emperor's Sword was calm.
"If I prove it, will you admit it?"
It was a tense moment for me as well.
Yoo Jonghyuk is clearly a disciple of 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint'. But who would admit a disciple of Breaking the Sky Sword Saint who can't use Breaking the Sky's martial arts?
However, the moment I heard the skill activation sound that followed, I was impressed by the heart of that old man Namgung.
<!>[Someone has activated 'Lie Detection'!]
"I will ask you on Namgung's reputation. Is your master really 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint'?"
In the midst of this, the fact that he activated [Lie Detection] was amazing, but there was something else that was truly surprising.
<&>「The Emperor Sword knew that Yoo Jonghyuk was the real 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's' disciple.」
Did he use a [Lie Detection] type skill to confirm it without us knowing? Or maybe he tracked Yoo Jonghyuk's past and found out his martial arts history.
In any case, he really found out that Yoo Jonghyuk was Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's disciple and used that fact to create the current situation.
"That's right."
The moment Yoo Jonghyuk answered, everyone was enveloped in a heavy silence.
Everyone in the hall waited for the system message that would follow. And.
Knock.
At first, I thought it was my heartbeat.
Knock. Knock.
But when that sound rang twice, three times, four times. And when the hairs on my arms started to stand up without me knowing it- I realized that something was wrong.
The sky. It was ringing.
"Over there—!"
When I raised my head with someone's shout, there was an incarnation floating there, struggling.
I knew it instinctively. It was the incarnation that activated [Lie Detection].
And there was a huge shadow grabbing his collar.
Up until now, I have met countless strong people. I have witnessed the Archangels of <Eden>, the 12 Gods of <Olympus>, and faced a giant like Asmodeus.
But why?
At least at this moment, none of them seemed like they could defeat that being in this Murim.
"Breaking the Sky Sword Saint."
The god of martial arts was there.
