<title>810 Episode 40 Fear Realm (2)
Did he not know that Breaking the Sky Sword Saint would appear in person at the competition venue?
The heads of the Five Great Families, including the crowd, stood still with faces that were barely able to breathe.
The Emperor's Sword, who was filled with embarrassment, pursed his lips.
"Brea-Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, why are you—"
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, who slowly came down to the stage, leisurely passed by him and put the warrior she was holding on to the floor. Unable to bear the pressure, the warrior vomited blood and fainted.
No one on the stage dared to meet Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's gaze, and only Yoo Joonghyuk was looking at her.
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint said to Yoo Joonghyuk.
"You're such a handsome kid."
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint had also praised Yoo Joonghyuk's appearance in the main story.
<&>「"Your eyes are burning hot. Do you perhaps love me?"」
Her personality was like a disaster and hard to grasp, but at least to her disciple Yoo Joonghyuk, she was a teacher who was infinitely warm (she did beat him to death once, but let's leave that aside).
Maybe things would work out well this way.
That was until Yoo Joonghyuk stared at Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and started talking strangely.
"Who are you?"
For a moment, I thought I heard wrong.
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint looked down at Yoo Joonghyuk as if she was dumbfounded, and then answered with a faint smile.
"I am your teacher."
"I have never had a teacher like you."
What is that kid talking about? Did the dumplings he ate earlier go bad?
She was Breaking the Sky Sword Saint whom he had wanted to meet so badly. But what kind of habit was that to a strict teacher?
He didn't turn away Jang Pan-man.
He turned away? The moment I saw Yoo Joonghyuk's face, something came to mind belatedly.
<&>「Memory penalty.」
That crazy Regressor had finally forgotten his own teacher's face.
"My teacher is only 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint'."
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's expression changed at Yoo Joonghyuk's answer.
I hurriedly activated 'Midday Tryst' and shouted.
—Yoo Joonghyuk! Who's in front of you right now is that 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint'!
I felt the temperature in the area drop sharply.
Sighs could be heard from inside the room.
If this continued, Yoo Joonghyuk would get his butt kicked again and die.
It was then that Breaking the Sky Sword Saint smiled faintly.
"What an interesting kid. Who on earth is the 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint' you know?"
The situation began to take an unexpected turn.
Yoo Joonghyuk answered.
"Master."
Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes became cloudy as he looked at Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. I knew he was thinking back to the past. Right now, Yoo Joonghyuk was climbing the stairs of broken memories one step at a time. To pick up an old sentence that had fallen between the steps.
"She was a person who liked Murim dumplings."
A person who liked Murim dumplings.
"She was a person who liked animals more than people."
A person who liked animals.
"She was a person who would meditate for a long time while looking at the stars falling in the forest and the shadows of the trees drawn by those stars."
Everyone in the hall listened to Yoo Joonghyuk. Some people trembled their lips, and some sighed once more. There was even an old man who had tears in his eyes for some reason.
After a short silence, Breaking the Sky Sword Saint asked.
"Who are you, child?"
I instinctively realized that this was his chance.
To be exact, it was his last chance.
—Yoo Joonghyuk! Release the [Mental Barrier]!
The way Yoo Joonghyuk proved himself to Breaking the Sky Sword Saint in the main story. Maybe I could use that method now.
<&>「Breaking the Sky Sword Saint has a [Mirror Vision] that can read other people's emotions.」
With those eyes, she could read Yoo Joonghyuk's past like she did in the main story. Then, he could make Breaking the Sky Sword Saint join our side once again.
Fortunately, Yoo Joonghyuk seemed to understand what I meant.
"Who do you think I am?"
When Yoo Joonghyuk's [Mental Barrier] was lifted, Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's [Mirror Vision] that shone brilliantly was activated. It was as if time had stopped around her.
My heart pounded.
If she were the 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint' I knew, she would never ignore Yoo Joonghyuk's past. She would never turn a blind eye to the memories he had accumulated during those terrible years.
She couldn't help it.
However, this strategy also had a blind spot.
<&>「What if Yoo Joonghyuk had not only forgotten the face of 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint'?」
The worst assumption flashed through my mind for a moment.
<&>「What if most of the memories of 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint' in Yoo Joonghyuk's head have been erased?」
Soon, the light of the clear sky disappeared from Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's eyes. Fortunately, she seemed to have read some memory from Yoo Joonghyuk.
"You."
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint tilted her head and asked strangely.
"Why did I hit your butt?"
Damn, why did she only read that memory?
"I don't know either."
Seemingly absentminded after seeing his master for the first time in a while, Yoo Joonghyuk frowned and added.
"It seems you have that kind of hobby."
"Hmm, I wonder if you can say that while getting hit again."
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's right hand glowed blue.
I couldn't help but step forward now. I had to persuade Breaking the Sky Sword Saint here somehow. All sorts of strategies came to mind and disappeared.
<&>「Actually, let's say that I'm Yoo Joonghyuk. And let me offer my memories.」
<&>「How about reciting the information in 'Ways of Survival'?」
<&>「As a disciple of Baek Cheong School, let me declare to Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. If I tell her that I know the relationship between her and my master—」
<&>「If I do that, I'll die before Yoo Joonghyuk.」
The moment I moved my body quickly and finally climbed up onto the stage of the grand hall.
Kugugugugu.
I heard the sound of the heavens of the martial arts world opening. The hairs on my arms stood out once again. My body's reaction was similar, but it felt different from when Breaking the Sky Sword Saint appeared before.
My spine went cold and my ears rang. The feeling of an unknown organ vibrating deep inside my body.
The 'fear' from something infinitely different.
"Oh, my God!"
"The Fear Realm has opened!"
The 'Great Hall' appeared in the sky. A pitch-black shadow was coming over that distant hole. I heard the sound of the guards chattering their teeth as they ran up to the arena to stop me.
"Eee... Here he comes, he comes, the master of the great teeth comes, he comes to pierce, he comes to tear and devour, he comes from where the fangs meet, the gap between the teeth and the gums opens…"
I got goosebumps.
I realized anew what kind of beings the Outer Gods were. Beings that could destroy the mortal spirit just by acting.
The incarnations infected by the other world's stories were struggling, shedding tears of blood.
My head was in disarray.
Why did the Outer Gods appear now?
Nowhere in the 'Ways of Survival' did this development appear.
In the first place, could the Outer Gods have crossed the Fear Realm now?
Who on earth gave them such a possibility?
<!>[The story 'Heir of the Eternal Name' growls.]
Fortunately, the foreign stories didn't seem to have any effect on me.
However, the area around the convention center was already in chaos.
"Euaaaaaa! I don't want to die, I don't want to die, the master of teeth, teeth, teeth, teeth is coming—"
Even so, not all the incarnations knelt before the Outer God. Some of the martial artists, including the heads of the Five Great Families, were raising their magical power to fight against the Outer God's tale.
"Everyone, come to your senses!"
The martial artists who came to their senses at the rebuke of the Emperor's Sword each began to draw their weapons.
"Don't worry! We can win! This is not the Murim of the past!"
The first Murim has been preparing for the 'Fear' for a long time since the 'Outer God incident'.
Murim is different now.
At least there are masters here who can fight against the Outer God's incomprehensible power.
"Is that an Outer God?"
A majestic voice was heard through the crowd. The ten best martial artists of the current Murim were standing there.
"Ilgeomtalhon Cheongada!"
"Yongcheondo has also come! The Transcendents have come!"
Finally, the transcendental figures representing the new generation of martial arts appeared.
When Ilgumtalhon drew his sword, Yongcheondo also drew his long sword and responded.
"You're making a fuss over nothing."
In fact, the aura flowing from their bodies was enough to represent their confidence.
It wasn't just Ilgumtalhon and Yongcheondo. There were shadows of transcendental figures appearing on the rooftops of the area.
Even at a quick count, there were more than a dozen of them.
They were the transcendental figures who had gathered to protect the 'First Murim'.
<#>【Teeth, teeth, teeth, teeth—】
The martial arts people whose hair had been covered with teeth pressed down on Ilgumtalhon and Yongcheondo.
Ilgumtalhon muttered as if mocking those martial arts people.
"Hey."
The martial arts people who were losing their heads, saying "Sugagak."
Ilgumtalhon's hands were cruel and clean as he cut down the infected martial arts people.
"Uh, why—"
As if he had forgotten that they were fellow martial artists just a moment ago, his swordsmanship annihilated the entire area in an instant. And.
"Is that the guy who came over from the entrance of the Fear Realm?"
"I've seen something similar in the strategy. A fish-shaped Outer God. An entity with almost no ego."
Yongcheondo, who was observing the Outer God's head, added.
"The story is a typical infection type. It's not a high-risk one."
"If we bring it in, we can handle it."
At the same time as those words, the incarnations of the two masters disappeared. Dugosu, who was wearing dazzling stars, rose toward the Great Hall. It seemed that he was going to decide the match with one stroke.
Before I knew it, Yoo Joonghyuk, who was standing next to me, muttered softly.
"Idiots."
The moment the two masters' swordsmen moved, the giant mouth of the sky opened its mouth as if it was going to tear apart.
I didn't feel any signs of the rooftops that had been occupying the area until then.
I realized the situation.
All the Transcendents of the First Murim had experienced the 'Fear Realm'.
In other words, they had a gut feeling after seeing that Outer God.
The monster that had descended from the sky right now was not an enemy they could deal with.
"Yoo Joonghyuk."
I looked back at Yoo Joonghyuk.
Even if it were me, even if Yoo Joonghyuk were to recover his strength, it would be difficult to face that monster.
However, instead of running away, Yoo Joonghyuk was looking at someone.
Maybe it wasn't just Yoo Joonghyuk.
At that moment, everyone in Murim was looking at the same person.
"Breaking the Sky Sword Saint."
This Murim's god.
"Breaking the Sky Sword Saint!"
The only Transcendent that could stand up to that terrible Outer God.
"Why, why did something like that appear now—"
"The scale of probability! The scale of probability must have moved! That means..."
"It's because of Breaking the Sky Sword Saint!"
"Breaking the Sky Sword Saint! It must be the monster that appeared because of you!"
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's gaze moved slowly. She looked at the helpless crowd, and then at Yoo Joonghyuk. Finally, her gaze turned to me.
Why?
Her eye was shining brightly. She was clearly looking at me, but her gaze seemed to be exploring something else inside me.
Kugugugu.
Once again, the Great Hallstirred. Soon, the snout of the Outer God fully revealed itself. The snout resembled that of a shark.
An alarm bell rang in my head belatedly.
Why does the appearance of that Outer God feel familiar?
<!>[Story Fragment 'Rapid Swim' wiggles.]
Things that happened in the past ten days flowed through my head.
The days when I traveled the void of the <Star Stream> with Jaehwan-ssi.
During that trip, I had absorbed the story fragment of the Outer God that Jaehwan-ssi had brutally stabbed to death.
<!>[Story Fragment 'Rapid Swim' shudders.]
The eyes revealed above the snout were staring at the ground.
It was looking for something.
