<title>812 Episode 40 Terror order (4)
The entrance to the 'terror' I was aiming for was the side of the 'Great Hall ' where the foreign shark head (the name I gave it) appeared.
<#>【Nisong-eogeumnis…】
<!>[The story 'Demon King of Salvation' nods.]
Of course, that doesn't mean I'm going to die like Kim Dokja.
"I won't die, you punk!"
<!>[The story 'Demon King of Salvation' tilts its head.]
Fangs poured out from the shark head's mouth. The fangs that poured out became maggots in the air and rushed at me.
I swung the 'Blade of Faith' at them. Just like Kim Dokja once did, I drew lines in the air following the sword strikes he had swung in the way he had taught me.
The maggots shattered with a creaking sound.
Honestly, it may be hard to kill the Outer God 'Shark Head', but I can also take care of the fun guys.
In this way, I am also one of the 'Kim Dokja'. Although I have not yet fully developed the status of the 'Demon King of Salvation', I can use power equivalent to 'The Great Innocent's Sin'. The Outer God must have noticed that too, as it twisted its huge maw.
Kkuddeuk.
The guy's mouth opened and he began to slowly close the crack leading to the spirit of fear. When I thought, "Oh no," the guy's dense fangs had already blocked all the cracks in the hall .
There was only one way.
I had to break through.
Should I use [Bookmark]? But there is a limit to the number of people I can call.
Who should I call to pierce that guy's maw and take me beyond the spirit of fear?
There were a few characters that came to mind, but I wasn't sure. No, there was one person I was certain of.
By the way, that person was,
"Did you say Kim Dokja?"
She was standing right behind me. I could feel her sharp gaze scanning the [Baek Cheong Gang Gi] that was overlaid on the 'Blade of Faith'.
"Are you a disciple of Kyrgios?"
"I call myself a disciple. Just like that guy."
I looked down with a grin. I was greeted by the sight of little Yoo Jonghyuk somehow using [Hap-gong-dap-bo] to jump here with his immature body.
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was also looking at the same scenery.
"Are you now giving me the right to discuss martial arts?"
I don't know what 'Murim' is. However, just because I don't know about martial arts doesn't mean I don't know the people living there.
"Run! Hurry!"
"This way! Everyone—"
I saw the dragon head ark, bleeding and evacuating people, and the god taking care of the patients behind it.
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, who was looking at the same scenery as me, opened her mouth.
"Tell me."
"I tell you again, I don't really know what martial arts is."
"Are you avoiding the question?"
"Someone lost their ward here, and someone saved an exile who was dying here. All of that happened in the forest with the same name. But is that forest really the same place?"
"..."
"In fact, everyone lives in a different forest, but the people here all call their forest 'Murim'."
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint looked down without answering. There were trees there. They weren't as many as before, but they were definitely trees trying to form a forest.
"That's why I don't know about Murim. Maybe I'll never know what it is. But the reason I'm trying to protect Murim is."
I added, swatting away the blade of the flying Kyo-a-byeong.
"Because there are foolish people like me who don't even know what 'Murim' is and are trying to protect this place."
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint didn't answer for a moment. She seemed to be looking at Outer God, and at people. She seemed to be looking at the forest, and at trees.
It seemed like she wasn't looking at anything, or maybe she was only looking at me.
"They have nothing to do with you."
"That's why it's more of a problem. They're going to die because of me."
"Is that a collaboration?"
I hesitated. I have never thought about whether this is a collaboration or not.
However, that shark-headed Outer God came here after my story. So at least I have a duty to take that guy somewhere else.
"If this is such a lowly collaboration, will you help me?"
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint did not answer my question. She simply answered with action.
I felt Murim stirring at the giant's single step.
"Little constellation. Your collaboration is nothing but a fantasy."
Breaking the Sky's strong energy was rippling in her swordplay.
<!>[Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship is a realistic swordsmanship.]
A swordsmanship that is made up of thoroughly verified sword lines, one stroke at a time, like stacking consonants and vowels, making words, and stacking sentences again.
A design created solely to destroy the sky of those constellations.
"So prove it yourself."
The owner of that design took up her sword to help me. That meant that at least there was a scenery she wanted to see beyond the uncharted waters I was about to embark on.
"At the place where your 'fear' awaits."
Just as I chose, she chose too. Let’s give this 'Murim' we agreed on at least one more chance.
"I was born to tear apart the sky where those black stars hang."
The moment the magnificent magic of Breaking the Sky dyed the sky like a sunset, a wall of power surged from her sword. The flying sword lightning sliced ​​through the entire empty space, then soon broke the teeth of the Outer God and created a small hole beyond his cheek.
The Outer God twisted his body as if the wound was painful.
<#>【This◼️ No◼️! This◼️ No◼️! This◼️! No! This◼️ No◼️! This◼️ No◼️!】
Amid the incantations that felt like my head was going to burst flooding the sky, I released all my strength and said my final goodbye to Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.
"Thank you."
The [Way of the Wind] that I had unleashed with all my might unfolded before my eyes. Beyond the broken gums of the Outer God, a crack leading to the 'Terror' was open.
Yoo Jonghyuk's shout could be heard from afar.
I said, feeling my vision gradually distorting.
—Don't follow me. Your body will recover in just one day.
—You!
If Yoo Jonghyuk follows me now, it will only be a nuisance. Yoo Jonghyuk himself must know this better than anyone else. So this is not just for me, but also for Yoo Jonghyuk himself.
—Let's meet again soon.
I felt the crack sucking me in along with the fierce storm of air.
<!>[The connection to 'Midday Tryst' was temporarily cut off.]
Soon, pitch-black darkness swallowed me up.
<!>[You have entered the 'Terror'.]
Finally, I entered.
Into the Terror.
***
As soon as I entered the Terror, what hit me was a terrifying cold air that seemed to freeze even my thoughts.
<!>['Nameless Fear' is invading you.]
My breathing slowly became suffocated. My hands and feet were shaking and my head was dizzy.
I realized that the scenario had already begun. If I just stayed like this, I would definitely die.
But there was nothing I could do. Left, right, front, back, up, down. No matter where I looked, all I could see was pitch-black darkness. What spread out was just endless darkness. And 'me', whose presence was gradually fading away.
I started to feel nauseous. Suddenly, I couldn't hear a sound or feel a breath.
The only thing that existed there was infinity. And.
<#>【Universe.】
'Ways of Survival' describes this fear as follows.
<&>「It is the cosmic fear that mankind has faced for the first time.」
As mentioned above, 'Ways of Survival' did not contain detailed information about 'the terror order'.
However, 'detail' here is a somewhat relative concept.
Simply put, the concept of 'detail' in 'Ways of Survival' presupposes that 'an ordinary human, Kim Dokja, can slaughter a ground raccoon like Yoo Jonghyuk. So what this means is,
<&>「In the face of that great fear, this is what a 'player' who has just entered the fear realm must do.」
It means that even in the 'Ways of Survival', there is a basic mention of the 'Fear Realm'.
<&>「Inhale calmly and blink your eyes regularly.」
I inhaled sharply. Once, twice, three times, I inhaled and blinked my eyes regularly. Once, twice, three times.
Even though I couldn't feel myself breathing, even though I couldn't feel myself blinking, I believed the sentence. I believed only the sentence and followed the explanation.
How many times did I repeat that?
Finally, I felt my existence being faintly regenerated in the darkness
 I am here.
I am thinking about the 'Ways of Survival' here.
<&>「Relax your eyes as if you are staring at a distant object, and blink your eyes as if you are taking a picture.」
I thought of the small planet blooming in the darkness. The planet where I was born. A pale blue dot. That dot is there. There are people who think of me there.
As I thought that, my fear gradually disappeared, and as my fear disappeared, my vision became clearer.
As my vision became clearer, the universe I sensed also began to narrow.
My world exists exactly as much as I see.
If I were not there, there would be no world. No, perhaps the world had not yet been created in a place I could not see.
At least that is what I believe.
<!>[Catastrophic horror — 'The universe is an infinitely expanding prison' has been unlocked]
<!>[You interpreted the catastrophic horror without a hitch.]
I exhaled, "Huh-huh-huh." I heard a sound again, and felt breathing.
<!>[Interpretation success!]
<!>[Interpretation suggestion: Maybe the world is a fiction that is newly created every time you blink.]
<!>[The fear spirit accepts your interpretation.]
+
<!>[An interpretation reward will be awarded.]
The interpreted 'horror' soon became a legend.
<!>[You have acquired the Story Fragment 'Fictionalization'.]
Holding that crude interpretation in my hand, I looked around in a cold sweat.
A dim path appeared beneath my feet that had been filled with pitch-black darkness until then.
<!>[The 'Main Scenario' resumes.]
The path was black with large and small footprints, as if countless people had already walked that path.
<!>[You are exploring the 'Entry to the Territory'.]
I barely passed the hurdle.
With this, I also obtained the qualification to explore 'Terror Territory'.
<!>[Additional scenario content will be revealed.]
+
<Terror Territory Exploration Guidelines>
—To complete the main scenario, you must successfully complete 'Terror Territory Exploration'.
—Terror Territory's sections are divided into 'Entry Area', 'Middle Area', and 'End Area'.
—You are currently located in the 'Entry Area' of Terror Territory.
—Your Current Exploration Level: 10%
—There is an interpretation for every 'Horror'. Find a probable interpretation and increase your Terror Territory Exploration Level.
+
I only interpreted one 'Horror', but my Exploration Level went up by a whopping 10%.
To someone who doesn't know much, the exploration may seem easy, but it's not.
The reason I was able to overcome 'The First Horror' was because I already knew what that fear was. According to the records, ninety-seven of the hundred martial artists who first crossed the fear zone died immediately after failing to overcome the first disaster-level 'fear'.
But now that there is a strategy, isn't it okay?
That's because you don't know much about the fear zone.
For example, let me give you one of the most shitty aspects of the fear zone.
+
—Warning. One of the 'exploration guidelines' above is 'false'.
+
In this place, even the contents of the 'scenario' cannot be trusted.
