<title>826 Episode 42 Destination (2)
I thought for a moment about the tastes of the second Kim Dokja.
Severed octopuses and squid legs were writhing on the floor, and to the west, a huge group of babies were passing by, destroying buildings.
To the east, a mad boar with water was running wild, and to the south, an Outer God was swaying.
I don’t even want to talk about what’s in the north.
If this is a 'big house', then I just want to live in a small house.
—The north is the worst.
Our first Kim Dokja also left a brief sigh.
That’s right. No matter where you look, east, west, or south, the worst Outer Gods are inhabiting, but the worst of them all was the north.
"That, that’s it, right?"
—That’s it.
But Kim Dokja’s industrial complex is in the north, and to get there, you have to go through that.
—If you want to go, then go for it.
"You have to cheer me on."
—It would be better to just wait for the second one to come out of the house.
"Shall we call out loud?"
—Would a hikikomori come out just because of that?
We stood there blankly for a moment, looking up at the outer gods blocking the northern path.
In the main story, the outer gods—the existence of the 'Divine Beings of the Other World'—were often mentioned.
A representative outer god among them. The 'Divine Beings of the Other World', a member of the 'Old Beings' and the librarian of [The Fourth Wall] in the 1,864th round.
Why is that guy here and not some other guy?
Fortunately, there was a description of him in the guide.
+
*Some parts of this document have been modified by SVRP.
SVRP. PW 01864.
Natural Disaster-Level Horror - Dream Eater
One of the ancient Gods belonging to the 'Old Beings'. Has the characteristic of exploring the dreams of mortals. It is known to often trade rare dreams or knowledge with dreamers from other dimensions.
…According to the claims of the Transcendents, the 'Dream Eater' that appears in the End Zone is a shell with its original soul removed.
It is said that it wanders the northern part of the End Zone with only its instinct to seek out dreams remaining, for an unknown reason.
…
A mutation related to the 'Final Wall' was reported in a certain round. It was confirmed that the incident in that round affected the rest of the world line.
There have been no additional reports since then.
…
Confirmed to maintain the level of natural disaster even after its original soul was lost.
+
The fact that only a shell remained means that its essence was absorbed into the [Fourth Wall].
I stared blankly up at the body that stretched vertically several kilometers into the sky. It seemed slightly smaller than what was depicted in the main story, perhaps because it had lost some of its original power… Even in that state, it was a 'natural disaster level' monster that was enough to destroy a world.
Interestingly, there were those who fought against that 'natural disaster level' monster.
<!>[Move! Attack from the legs!]
What's more interesting is that all the constellations that moved the incarnation were guys I knew.
<!>[The constellation 'Spear Master' is furious!]
<!>[The constellation 'Kwon-gak Taoist' scatters powder!]
<!>[The constellation 'Filth Addict' vomits filth!]
'Kwon-gak Taoist', whose torso burst after being hit by the leg of the dream eater, cried out in pain.
Spear Master. Kwon-gak Taoist. Filth Addict.
That must be it. They were all constellations that I had fought at the 'Recycling Center'.
Constellations that had possessed upper-level demons and blocked my path.
Some of them must have died at the hands of Yoo Jonghyuk, and some of them I must have dealt with... Anyway, I have to recognize the tenacity of the constellations.
<!>[Damn it, I can't come all the way here and die!]
<!>[Spear Master! Isn't that different from what I heard? Much more difficult than the End Zone we know…]
<!>[Find the Time Fault! Quickly! If we just go in there…!]
<!>[Where are the Transcendent Alliance guys? Why are these things running around and I can’t even see their noses!]
<!>[Filth! Ooooooooooo!]
In the midst of the chaos, the words of the spells came and went. From what I heard, it seemed like they had come all the way here to find the Time Fault.
It wasn’t strange.
The Master of the Spear also had experience training through the 'Time Fault' in the past.
They probably came here to make up for the defeat at the 'Recycling Center' and to open up new realms through training.
<!>[Joint attack! Clear the way! If we definitely get to that industrial complex—]
Unfortunately, it seemed like their luck ended here.
Ooooooooooooooooo.
A scream that sounded like an entire world was screaming.
The 'Dream Eater’s' legs moved. The legs raised as if launching a missile descended toward the ground without hesitation. The movement that contained more than simple physical force caused the ground to collapse and an aftershock erupted.
The sound of something colliding. The screams of the constellations. A huge amount of dust that covered the sky black.
I hugged Anna Croft and fell to the ground.
It took a few minutes for the dust to settle. There were no living beings left in the scorched earth scene.
My body slowly began to tremble.
This was the Outer God that reached the 'old being'. Even if only the shell remained, its innate status was incomparable to that of any constellation.
<!>[This is… how can it go…]
A faint mantra. I saw the incarnation of the master of the spear, deeply embedded in a nearby building, hanging limply.
The other two were crushed by the legs, and there was no trace to be found.
I moved my trembling legs while carrying Anna Croft.
I had to run away right away. I have to go a little further. But where? Where can I run to in this apocalyptic land?
Ooooooooo.
The dream eater let out a strange roar and wiggled its body.
Was it my imagination? I felt the giant legs moving towards me little by little. Did it find me?
Or maybe.
"Cheon Inho. What the—"
"Shh."
I put my finger on Anna Croft's lips, who had just woken up.
Of course, simply holding my breath or not speaking wouldn't get me unnoticed.
I could feel it.
The guy would definitely find us. The disgusting story rising from his body spread like smoke as he searched the surroundings.
I thought for a moment and then said to Kim Dokja.
"Please lend me the story."
—Take it.
<!>[The story 'Heir of the Eternal Name' responds curtly.]
There was a story of Kim Dokja that was passed down to me through 'Heir of the Eternal Name'.
Anna Croft, who was observing me like that, asked me in a whisper.
"Cheon Inho. Who did you just talk to?"
"A hyung I know."
"A hyung you know?"
Come to think of it, Kim Dokja used this 'story' next to Anna Croft in the main story. What a strange coincidence.
<!>[The story 'Pebble and I' begins its storytelling!]
Pebble and I.
A story that Kim Dokja obtained when he visited the 'Island of the Reincarnated'.
The function of this story is simple.
<!>[The effect of the story makes your presence similar to 'pebbles'.]
<!>[The story 'Pebble and I' is suspicious of Anna Croft's existence.]
"Please take care of this person too."
<!>[The story 'Pebble and I' looks at you with a displeased face, saying, 'This guy again.']
<!>[The story 'Pebble and I' shared its effect with 'Anna Croft'.]
That's it.`
Now Anna Croft and I will be recognized as nothing more than a stone rolling on the side of the road.
Ooooo—?
Fortunately, the story worked normally, and the 'Dream Eater' didn't find us.
I quickly strode through the ruins, holding Anna Croft's wrist.
"Wait a minute, if we go that way now—"
"We have to go."
Instead of running away, we approached the main body of the 'Dream Eater'. It was a possible choice since its presence was fading.
"While the story continues, we’ll pass it and approach the industrial complex."
A simple yet reliable strategy.
My liver grew colder as I approached the main body of the thing, but now was not the time to be picky.
As I passed the mouth of the thing's huge body at such a fast pace, I felt as if the thing's eyes were glancing at me from the vast sky.
—Youngest, I think you've been caught.
I reflexively shouted as I heard Kim Dokja's voice in my ear.
"Run!"
With my signal, we started running with all our might. Feeling the [Way of the Wind] wrapped around my toes, I immediately asked Kim Dokja.
"Why did we get caught? Did you give me a bad story?"
—I had forgotten for a moment, but that story is only applicable to beings who share the symbol system called 'stone'.
Come to think of it, the gods of the other world had a different symbol system from us in the first place. Their methods of communication are different, and their methods of signifying this universe are different.
Wait a minute, that means.
—That bastard, he wasn't fooled from the beginning
Immediately, the guy's tentacles began to doggedly chase us.
Kududududud!
A pitch-black shadow fell over the entire nearby area. If this continued, we would be crushed to death before even reaching the industrial complex.
"Hyung."
—Is this the only time you call me Hyung?
"Can I use the [Fourth Wall]?"
Now there is only one way.
The method used by Kim Dokja in the main story. A crazy way to trap his mind inside the [Fourth Wall] after he's been eaten by that guy on purpose.
— Didn't you read the guide? His soul is gone. He's just a shell. That won't work.
"But you won't know until you try. If he eats me, there might be a way."
If someone heard that, they'd say it was a crazy conversation.
Anna Croft was actually looking at me like I was crazy.
— Even if that method worked, it's uncertain whether the [Fourth Wall] would be able to accept him.
"You just don’t want to live with him, do you?"
— Do you know that the library you created is much more unstable than the original [Fourth Wall]?
"Is that so?"
I asked back, flinching slightly.
In reality, the [Fourth Wall] I have now is somewhat weaker than the original Kim Dokja’s. It's because I haven't collected enough 'Kim Dokja fragments'.
—What do you think will happen if we fail to get that guy inside the wall? Me, but what about the other brats in this library?
Damn it.
I didn't think that far ahead.
Then we need to change our tactics.
"Anna! Faster!"
Anna nodded, her mind suddenly snapping to her senses at my shout.
The tentacles were now right behind us, and the complex was still too far away.
Thank goodness there were a few 'horrors' we could use along the way. For example—
<!>[Catastrophic horror 'Alien Traffic Light' activates.]
<!>[Use the Story Fragment 'Remote Signal Controller'.]
I entered the crosswalk and changed the signal to green.
And the moment the 'Dream Eater' entered the crosswalk following me, the signal quickly changed to red.
A moment later, something rushed and collided with the tentacle of the 'Dream Eater' who ran the signal. An unbelievable collision that left skid marks.
Ooooooooo!
How is this kid, the taste of civilization.
<!>[The natural disaster-level horror 'Dream Eater' roars!]
Perhaps the rules of the world only function because civilization exists.
That's why traffic lights and warning signs were useless in the face of a 'natural disaster' that would destroy even that destiny.
I hurled curses at the tentacle monster chasing me, ignoring everything.
"Follow the signal, you idiot!"
"Cheon Inho, were you talking to that monster?"
"Don't bother me and read the future, quickly."
"I still don't have [Future Vision]..."
"Why on earth are you so useless?"
Anna Croft muttered in confusion, as if she had never heard such abusive language before.
"Your ability is not limited to [Future Vision]."
"Yes. Of course."
Was she stimulated by my words?
Anna Croft suddenly became serious and activated 'Eye of the Great Demon' again. She was trying to use [Future Vision] again.
Tsk tsk tsk!
The sparks flew up fiercely. I was going to tell her not to overdo it, but Anna Croft did not turn off the skill even though she was shedding tears of blood.
As I watched the blood evaporating in real time from the sparks and drying up on her cheeks, I couldn't help but say a word.
"Tragic horror, Anna Croft."
Anna Croft glared at me as if I was joking right now.
I was going to tell her that it was time to stop, but Anna Croft wiped away her tears of blood and said.
"I saw it."
"Yes?"
"I saw the future. Just a little bit."
I hesitated for a moment and asked.
"Did I die?"
"Did you want to see that kind of future?"
"No. I didn't die, did I?"
"Yes."
I grinned.
"That's enough. Good job, Anna."
The method I'm going to use from now on is at least a 'method that won't kill me’.
