<title>852 Episode 46 Big Joke (3)
Anna Croft cheered up several times while watching the stars falling from the sky.
In fact, she had seen the scenery of stars falling several times, and it wasn't particularly shocking. Moreover, her dream was to make all the Constellations in the sky fall and welcome the 「Perfect Night」.
That's why she threw herself into <Asgard> and became the representative fire ship of the castle gate.
To make the Constellations fall, you have to use the power of the Constellations.
That was the answer she came up with after reading the future. Maybe that's why.
She couldn't take her eyes off the scenery of the sky now.
The destruction of the night sky without borrowing the power of the Constellations. She had never thought that she could achieve that dream with pure human power.
'Cheon Inho, is this the final chapter you dreamed of?'
The worst villain she knew.
She couldn't understand why the man who was the enemy of humanity more than anyone else did such a strange thing at the end.
"Cheon Inho."
When she called his name, the slender man on her back shuddered slightly.
Was he having a nightmare? Or was there a bad memory contained in that name?
"Cheon Inho, we're here. The ark is coming soon."
"..."
"Your plan has been completed."
A shooting star fell from the air once again. She, who was activating [Future Sight], muttered as she dodged the flying debris.
"You have to get up now. My [Future Sight] has its limits. I can't read all the futures."
"..."
"Cheon Inho."
The man still didn't move.
Anna Croft hesitated for a moment and then asked.
"Are you... really Cheon Inho?"
In fact, Anna Croft knew. This man couldn't be Cheon Inho.
The worst villain she knew couldn't be this man.
Her intuition—the 'Eyes of the Great Demon' testified to that.
So who was he? Anna Croft hesitated for a moment before opening her mouth again. It was the name the man had once told her.
"Kim Dokja."
When she called that name, the man shuddered once again. And Anna, who had called that name, bit her lips without realizing it.
Why? It was because she had a strange feeling the moment she called that name.
<@>[Gaaaaaaaaa!]
Indra howled in the air.
Anna Croft, who suddenly came to her senses, hurriedly looked around. She saw the Constellations that had discovered them during the confusion, screaming loudly.
<@>[They're entering the ark!]
<@>[Don't be fooled!]
She had finally been caught. The [Future Sight] that was activating in real time was once again warning her of the danger right before her eyes.
She ran while carrying Cheon Inho. The ground exploded and arrows flying in grazed her cheeks. Sometimes, she was caught in the storm of strong energy shot by the Transcendental Constellations.
But she was a Prophet. As long as people called her a Prophet, she had to do her part. It was also a reward for the man who summoned her to this battlefield.
She ran and ran. Now, there were less than ten meters left until the ark.
<!>[The Constellation, 'God of Wine and Ecstasy', descends to the Earth!]
And then there was a Narrative-grade Constellation blocking her way.
Dionysus, the God of Wine and Ecstasy.
The strongest of the Twelve Gods, the direct descendant of Zeus, who made her shiver just by looking at him.
The moment he stared at her, holding the bottle of wine with a languid face, the power of [Future Sight] suddenly stopped.
"Ah."
Anna Croft struggled like someone hanging from the edge of a cliff.
Just a little more.
She couldn't see the future. How could she get away from that Constellation?
<@>[You want to go inside?]
Dionysus asked as if it were a joke. She knew he wouldn't let her in. Anna Croft nodded anyway.
<@>[If you go in, you'll die? You know who's inside, right?]
"Still, we have to go in."
<@>[Why?]
"Because that's the right ending for this world line."
<@>[Really? What on earth is that 'right ending'?]
"I don't know either."
<@>[You don't know?]
Instead of answering, Anna Croft felt the body temperature of the man hanging on her back. He was probably the only one who knew what it was.
"Cheon Inho, get up."
When was the last time she gambled with a future that she couldn't see?
"You can call me Kim Anna. Get up quickly."
Anna Croft carried Cheon Inho with one hand and pulled out her dagger with the other.
One moment is enough. She just has to use all her strength to create a single moment of emptiness. Then she might be able to throw Cheon Inho into the ark. The moment Anna Croft, who had made up her mind, summoned her strength.
"Enough with the joking."
A man in a pitch-black coat appeared behind Dionysus.
The man reached out his hand to Anna Croft, who was staggering in surprise.
"Come up."
Anna Croft blankly looked up at Yoo Joonghyuk, then hesitated and reached out her hand to him.
"You're alive, Supreme King."
Yoo Joonghyuk's large, strong hand grabbed her wrist and pulled her up onto the ark in one breath.
Anna, who was barely able to catch her breath, looked back and forth between Yoo Joonghyuk and Dionysus and asked.
"But why are you with that person? You didn't decide to side with <Olympus> now, did you?"
"Have you ever seen such a future?"
She had never seen such a future. And the man in front of her would have regressed if he had to, and he wouldn't betray his companions in such a way.
Yoo Joonghyuk glanced at Dionysus with his characteristically indifferent eyes and said.
"It's just that guy's whim."
Dionysus shrugged his shoulders and smirked as if responding to his words.
It was an incident that Anna couldn't quite understand. She knew that Dionysus was an eccentric god, but no matter what, they were Zeus's enemy.
However, Yoo Joonghyuk seemed to not care about that.
"If it's a trap, then we can just kill him then."
"You make the choice, and we'll handle it together?"
Anna Croft let out a light sigh and her heart started beating again.
She didn't know why. Was it because the agitator, the tyrant, and the Prophet had all gathered in one place?
<&>「Maybe this moment could be a rehearsal for the ending of the 41st Round.」
Anna Croft couldn't help but think that way, even though she knew it was a somewhat unrealistic thought.
However, Yoo Joonghyuk looked at the man on her back as if he didn't care about Anna Croft's thoughts and asked.
"What happened to that guy?"
"Let's talk while we move."
"Follow me."
Yoo Joonghyuk already seemed to know where the 'Story Core' was. Maybe Dionysus had given him the relevant information.
"Is that Constellation accompanying you?"
"He won't interfere. He promised me that. More importantly, you didn't answer my question."
"Cheon Inho..."
Anna Croft added, trying her best to make her explanation sound as nonsensical as possible.
"This happened while making dumplings."
"Dumplings?"
"Do you know about the food called Murim dumplings?"
Yoo Joonghyuk nodded.
"How many did he make?"
"About a thousand."
Yoo Joonghyuk's expression hardened. With just that explanation, Yoo Joonghyuk completely understood the situation.
"So that's why it ended up like this."
At a glance, Cheon Inho's complexion was pale. Anna Croft also looked at Cheon Inho and answered.
"He repeated the same thing all week. He made dumplings, performed [Deceased Summoning], and fed them to the survivors."
"So that's how the Transcendents became like that."
"Here, just in case, he asked me to give you one too."
Yoo Joonghyuk received a Murim dumpling from Anna. The dumpling made from memory still steamed as if it had just been made. It seemed like this was probably the thousandth dumpling he had made.
Yoo Joonghyuk asked while holding the dumpling.
"So what's his next plan?"
It was good that he brought the Transcendents, and it wasn't bad that he had infiltrated the ark.
The problem was just now. The 'Myth-grade Constellations' waiting for them inside the ark. The Narrative-grade Constellations struggling outside were strong, but if they didn't have a plan to deal with the Mythical Constellations, they had no chance of winning.
But Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't worried. That guy would have thought of a plan somehow.
"I don't know."
"What?"
"He never told me about the next plan."
Yoo Joonghyuk glared at Anna with a look of disbelief.
"I'll wake him up right now."
Yoo Joonghyuk reached out to the nape of Cheon Inho's neck, where he was sleeping, but stopped. When did it start? Dionysus, who had been following him, disappeared from sight.
Yoo Joonghyuk heard a faint warning in his ear.
<@>[I'm sorry, but I can't help you this time. It's a bit different from when it was Hermes.]
That's when Anna Croft's eyes turned red.
"Yoo Joonghyuk."
However, before she could even utter a warning, the future came rushing over them.
"Supreme King! Run away!"
Blood flowed out of her eyes as she cried out desperately.
However, even Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't move this time. He couldn't even move his heels, making resistance itself impossible. Yoo Joonghyuk knew several Constellations with this kind of presence.
And he also understood exactly who this power belonged to.
"Zeus."
The moment he mentioned that name, Yoo Joonghyuk felt as if an unprecedented power was tearing him apart.
Even Anna Croft, who was standing next to him, gasped and collapsed.
"We have to run away! Now!"
But that was not possible. For a brief moment, Yoo Joonghyuk looked back on his past lives.
He had seen Zeus's incarnation several times before. He knew very well that he was strong. He had almost died several times, and actually died several times.
But even though he had fought Zeus several times, Yoo Joonghyuk had never experienced the true power of the Constellation called 'Zeus'.
<&>「This was a true 'Myth-grade Constellation'.」
A presence that subdued all living things.
The Myth-grade Constellation was revealing all of its presence toward the invaders of this ark. This was the power of Zeus, the apex of the three gods of Olympus, the Seat of Lightning.
<@>[Foolish.]
The moment he heard the incantation, he felt like his breath would stop.
<@>[You came to seek death on your own feet.]
He who had fought fiercely against the four Narrative-grade Constellations couldn't move a finger this time.
Yoo Joonghyuk realized what Zeus was trying to do with all his might.
An invisible giant hand was wrapping around his head. He felt his skull, which couldn't be opened even with a metal smelt, crack open with a crack.
Zeus was trying to open his head and take out his soul.
Kukukukukukukuku!
Yoo Joonghyuk's soul was currently in Baehu Seong's possession, and Zeus was now coveting his soul, even going against that ownership.
Using the power of other Myth-grade Constellations, he was trying to figure out his secret by consuming all the enormous probability accumulated in the Last Ark.
<@>[Why don't you die?]
Zeus' thoughts could be heard here and there amidst the sparks of probability that were fiercely surging.
<@>[Why do the world lines reorganize around you?]
<@>[Dokkaebi, Constellation, incarnation, everything in this universe—]
The great question of the Myth-grade Constellation rang out in his head as if it were going to burst.
<@>[What do they exist for?]
The next moment, the entire landscape changed.
Yoo Joonghyuk looked back at the landscape, powerlessly crouching down.
There was a snowfield there.
A vast snowfield that stretched on endlessly.
When he looked back, his footsteps were clearly visible on the snowy path.
Yoo Joonghyuk somehow felt like he knew where this place was.
This place… Yes.
This place was his inner self.
The next moment, as if pitch-black night was approaching, a giant hand’s shadow fell over the center of the snowfield.
<@>[Finally.]
Zeus’s voice filled with joy.
The secret of this world was about to be revealed by the determination of the Myth-grade Constellation.
The moment when the secret contained in his soul was finally revealed to the world.
Tsutsutsutsutsut! A huge wall of strings appeared over the distant snowfield. At the same time, the shadow of a hand approaching him collided with the wall. The next moment, a violent spark exploded as if he had been electrocuted.
<!>[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall', is strongly activated!]
