<title>858 Episode 47 King of Fear (2)
I will rewrite the world.
The moment I met eyes with Cheon Inho who said that, I instinctively felt that I had to get out of here. However, I had no choice.
Just as Cheon Inho, who had obtained 『Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint』, had no choice but to read the story even though he knew the tragedy that would unfold, perhaps I was the same.
<!>[Your sympathy level with the Recorder of Fear 'Evil Sophist' is very high.]
Maybe it is because I have also experienced the history of the 40th round. So I also became curious. As a reader before a writer, what on earth does the extra Cheon Inho 'want to rewrite'?
"Kim Dokja."
The extra who had reached the end of the world called my name, and I raised my head in response.
His voice, filled with the power of merciless [incite], declared.
"From now on, you are me."
The last thing I saw was the footprints of the one person we had walked together with.
"I am you."
My world disappeared.
***
Anna Croft opened her eyes under the flickering lights. As the cold breath rushed in, the vivid sense of 'being alive' finally woke up her whole body.
'The Room of Time Fault.'
As she got up, the memories of the '40th round' she had experienced until the end of the war came flooding into her head. There, she participated in the final scenario with Cheon Inho and the Supreme King.
'I really reached the end of the scenarios.'
Cheon Inho... No, the words of the person possessing Cheon Inho were right.
Although it was a virtual world line, that experience was real.
With this, they gained the 'experience' of seeing the end of the scenarios.
<!>[You have acquired a new tale!]
<!>[You have acquired a share of a new giant tale!]
What she acquired this time was even a 'giant tale'. It seems that the name of the story hasn't been decided yet due to the delay in the <Star Stream> system, but it's a huge story that was obtained after seeing the end of the 'Last Scenario'.
If there's just this story, it wouldn't be impossible to see the end again in the 41st round.
'It was worth coming to the Fear Realm.'
The biggest achievement is that she gained a small bond to face the constellations together.
If she could carry out the scenario with Yoo Joonhyuk and Cheon Inho in the 41st round...
Wait a minute, where did Cheon Inho go?
She looked around but couldn't see Cheon Inho.
The last thing she remembered was the back of Cheon Inho running to the ark's power room.
Could it be that Cheon Inho failed after that? But if he had failed, there's no way she could have safely returned to the 'Time Fault Room'?
"Cheon Inho?"
The moment she unconsciously muttered the name, dozens of pillars of light rose up nearby at once.
"Ah."
The transcendents that had possessed themselves in the 40th round were returning. She could barely breathe a sigh of relief. As expected, that Evil Sophist had finally succeeded in seeing the end of the 40th round.
"Big. Damn. This time, I almost got really screwed."
"That was a really great adventure."
"Are there any of you who have gained new enlightenment?"
"That guy, the end, finally got it right."
Leaving behind the transcendents chattering loudly here and there, Anna Croft went out to look for Cheon Inho in the gaps between the incarnations.
"Cheon Inho!"
Cheon Inho was nowhere to be seen. She tried to activate [Future Sight] in case something had happened, but the skill didn't work properly.
This had happened several times before. Especially in cases where 'Cheon Inho' was deeply involved, there were many cases where the future was strangely invisible. How long had she wandered like that? Soon, a familiar back figure came into view along with the newly appeared pillar of light.
"You're safe, Cheon Inho!"
The coat was redder than before.
The villain she was looking for was there. But why? The moment she grabbed Cheon Inho's thin shoulder, Anna Croft felt the balance of the world creaking. Suddenly, she felt uneasy and dizzy. The alarm bell that something was wrong rang incessantly in her mind.
But what on earth was wrong?
The time fault was safely cleared, and the Fear Realm had not yet come to an end.
But why...
"This is how it felt."
Why did she feel chills all over her body when she heard his voice?
"I really miss the air."
She instinctively tried to slap Cheon Inho's shoulder. But Cheon Inho grabbed her wrist faster than she could and asked.
"Ye In-ja. What do you see in [Future Sight]?"
"…"
"Can’t you see anything?"
"You—"
"Of course. No 'revelation' will work on this body anymore."
Anna Croft shook his hand hard and glared.
"You… who are you?"
"Don’t you know who I am? Haven’t you been calling out to me all this time?"
Anna Croft stepped back, her lips trembling.
It gave her goosebumps.
The sense of the prophet was speaking. She had foreseen exactly who the man before her was. But Anna Croft didn’t want to admit it.
Why, why now.
"Where did he, where did he go?"
"Him? Who?"
"The spirit that was inside your body—"
Anna Croft still didn’t know his name. She didn’t know the real name of the possessed person who had given her the nickname Kim Anna.
That’s why she had no choice but to say the name everyone called him.
"What happened to Kim Dokja?"
"Kim Dokja. You finally got to say that name."
Cheon Inho let out a big laugh as if he found that fact hilarious.
"Now I'm Kim Dokja."
"What did you say?"
"Open your eyes and look carefully, Anna Croft. Nothing has changed."
Then, a story began to be heard from somewhere.
<&>「Anna Croft felt her heart gradually becoming calmer.」
Where did that sentence come from?
Anna Croft didn't know.
<&>「Nothing has changed. Everything has just found its original place.」
The man in front of her was Cheon Inho.
Cheon Inho's soul had simply returned to Cheon Inho's body.
"Do you remember? We agreed to live together for the 41st round. I came to keep that promise. You're doing well, and I'll help you do it."
It was just as Cheon Inho said. She just had to keep doing what she was going to do. She had to clear the scenario and fight the constellations. That would be fine, but why.
"I—"
Anna Croft felt her vision waver without her knowing it.
Cheon Inho's expression became subtle upon seeing her.
The moment Cheon Inho tried to speak to her again, a voice with an unusual sense of authority was heard.
"Who are you?"
When she turned her head, Cheok Jungyeong was standing there.
"Where did my disciple go?"
The moment she heard Cheok Jungyeong's voice, Anna Croft's expression brightened. Maybe, if it was Cheok Jungyeong.
"You don't even recognize your disciple's face anymore?"
When Cheon Inho answered with his characteristically sly tone, Cheok Jungyeong approached him with brisk strides.
"You."
His huge hand grabbed Cheon Inho's shoulder so tightly that it crushed it.
"You're not my disciple."
An enormous sense of pressure began to weigh down Cheon Inho. A constellation of the highest level, a transcendental constellation. It was the rank of the 3rd division captain of the Transcendent Alliance.
Surprisingly, Cheon Inho accepted the pressure without even batting an eyelash.
<!>[The story, 'Heir of the Eternal Name', begins its storytelling.]
The power of the story flowing out from his entire body was protecting him.
"This is difficult, Master."
Cheok Jungyeong, who was startled, expressed his status even more strongly, but the power of the story flowing out from Cheon Inho's entire body gradually began to grow as if to oppose Cheok Jungyeong.
There were a couple of earthquakes that shook the entire area, and the sparks flying out obscured the surrounding vision.
When the sparks disappeared along with the dust, an amazing sight unfolded there.
3rd division captain Cheok Jungyeong was kneeling in front of Cheon Inho.
Cheon Inho, who was pressing down on Jungyeong's shoulder that was completely burnt black, looked around and said.
"Everyone, please remain quiet."
It was just a single word. At that single word, all the transcendents were frozen and unable to move.
Anna Croft realized what kind of power Cheon Inho had just used.
<!>[Incite.]
<!>[Incite, which had reached its extreme, was chaining the transcendents.]
With that, Anna Croft realized that Cheon Inho had regained his original strength from the previous round.
Cheon Inho, the 'Evil Sophist' and the 'One Who Deceived The Stars'. Cheon Inho, who had seen the end of the world as the last human, had appeared in this 41st round.
However, even his body was not enough to restrain all the transcendents.
"Evil Sophist, have you regained your body?"
"Despair God."
Chunghuh, the commander of the Transcendent Alliance. And his escorts, Ryunard and Karlton, stood in front of Cheon Inho with a fierce aura.
Chunghuh shrugged his shoulders and said.
"I have no intention of fighting you."
"You were the one who started the trouble first, weren't you?"
"Well, I didn't do it on purpose."
Chunghuh took his hand off of Cheok Jungyeong's shoulder and touched his wrist.
Chunghuh clicked his tongue and said.
"If you've taken possession of that body, then it seems like you've achieved your goal. You should just leave this place."
"You're impatient, Commander. I haven't achieved my goal yet. And... Now is not the time for you to be stopping me."
With a thud, the door on the upper level of the time fault exploded.
A few panicked transcendents stepped forward to resolve the situation.
"The door is broken!"
"Block it! If it's now, we can turn it back!"
The Outer Gods of the upper world were trying to break the fault and cross the door.
Cheon Inho looked up at those Outer Gods and said.
"The end is not over."
The end that had been temporarily suspended while the 40th round’s story was in progress was continuing. And it was even more intense than before.
"The King of Fear is sad. Probably because he read my story."
"I'll take care of that."
"You can't enter the 'Big House', can you?"
"..."
"To stop the end, someone has to go and appease him. And right now, it seems like there's only one person here who has the qualifications to do so."
The God of Despair, Chunghuh, let out a light sigh and gave a light nod to the generals. Then, the generals made way for Cheon Inho.
Cheon Inho gave a light bow and started to climb the stairs installed in the corner of the fault.
Chunghuh, who was watching Cheon Inho, said.
"The young man who used your body was a good friend."
"..."
"He really was a good friend."
"Is that so?"
Cheon Inho answered and turned his head to look at Anna Croft.
"Prophet, aren't you curious about the end of the Fear Realm?"
Cheon Inho smiled and extended his hand to Anna Croft, who was startled.
"Come, let's go meet the King of Fear together."
***
The books in the library were vibrating all at once. The letters fixed to the books were losing their places and popping out, and the stories overflowing from between the torn pages were flowing out.
The [Fourth Wall] was shaking.
"(This damn... youngest! Answer me! youngest!)"
First, Kim Dokja—the Demon King of Salvation shouted while holding onto the shaking table. But no matter how many times he called, the youngest wouldn't pick up.
It wasn't just that he wasn't picking up the phone, it was unclear whether he was alive or dead.
The name in the book in front of him was proof of that. All the spaces where the youngest's name had been displayed had been filtered out, and now another name was trying to be written in that place.
Cheon ■ho
■ Inho
Cheon In■
…
It was clear what was happening.
He had to find the youngest right away.
But no matter how much he shouted, his voice was just a sentence trapped in the [Fourth Wall]. It didn't reach the youngest.
The anxious little Kim Dokjas were crying and screaming here and there. Fortunately, the little Kim Dokjas with self-esteem, including Gu Seonah, were trying to comfort them, but it was clear that if he just watched the situation like this, even the [Fourth Wall] would be destroyed.
The little Kim Dokjas' eyes looked up at him as if there was no other way.
Kim Dokjas sighed silently.
<&>「(Guys.)」
As expected, there must be only one person who can help the youngest right now.
So the Demon King of Salvation made up his mind.
<&>「(Let's go outside and look around for a bit.)」
