<title>862 Episode 47 King of Fear (6)
<!>[The story, 'Demon King of Salvation', continues its storytelling.]
The story that blossomed from Yoo Joonghyuk's entire body was wrapped around his spear.
<&>「That is the essence of the Mysterious Soul Spear.」
The Mysterious Soul Spear's strong energy that surpassed the realm was concentrated in the spear.
<&>「The King who leads the stars.」
The story, whose probability of the stars liking him was added, scattered dazzling light.
"Come, Supreme King."
Cheon Inho did not back down and prepared for the final battle. His body was strengthened by [Incite]. The blue aura of [Baekcheong Ganggi] dyed Cheon Inho's entire body in the color of Baekcheong. The constellations in the sky were shining dazzlingly.
Cheon Inho stared at the constellations for a short moment and smiled bitterly.
Cheon Inho's expression at that moment was.
<&>「That's your choice.」
It seemed as if he was saying that.
Soul-Destruction Spear.
1st form.
Annihilation Spear.
Destruction Spear is a martial art that recognizes the enemy as a 'Story' and strikes at the essence of that story. Among them, Destruction Spear was a technique that attacked the shell of the story.
Not too fast or too slow, like piling up gentle sentences, the precise spear strike collided with Cheon Inho's [Baekcheongganggi]. Cheon Inho's solid story, built up with [Incite], was pushed back little by little, and soon began to scatter into pieces.
Soul-Destruction Spear.
2nd form.
Extermination Spear.
Yoo Joonghyuk did not stop.
If Destruction Spear broke the shell of a story, Extermination Spear was a technique that broke the skeleton of that story.
The blade of 'Unbreakable Faith' seemed to bend greatly, and then a story burst out from various parts of Cheon Inho's body that had received the spear strike. Even so, Cheon Inho desperately swung his sword and resisted. Lonely and desperately, Yoo Joonghyuk deflected the sword strike and continued his spear strike.
Soul-Destruction Spear.
3rd form.
Extinction Spear.
If the annihilation form was a technique that broke the framework of the story, the third form, the extinction form, was a technique that penetrated the essence of the story.
A strong spark flew from Yoo Joonghyuk's muscles that had contracted with all their might. Cheon Inho shouted as if he was making a last desperate effort. A strike that squeezed all the magical power in his body overflowed from the tip of the sword of 'Unbreakable Blade'.
The magical power that the dragon's heart emitted.
Before the third form was even ready, Yoo Joonghyuk was pushed back ten steps by a swift counterattack.
The one who stopped Yoo Joonghyuk from being pushed back was Anna Croft, who had been saving up strength.
"We must finish this, Yoo Joonghyuk." As Yoo Joonghyuk nodded, Anna Croft's magical power transmitted from his back added strength to Yoo Joonghyuk's annihilation spear.
<!>[The story, 'Demon King of Salvation', roars!]
<!>[The story, 'King Slayer', roars!]
The two stories clashed at the same time to compete for a single stage.
And Yoo Joonghyuk's annihilation spear was activated.
Everything in the 'Big House' shook dangerously, and the magical waves that burst out swept through every corner of the house.
Anna Croft, who was standing near the pupa, reflexively bent down to the magical waves that surged in.
<!>[Tsk.]
Someone stood in front of the pupa and received the magical waves that burst out as an aftershock.
It was the fighter protecting the 'Great King of Fear'.
<!>[That's why you can't let just anyone into the house.]
Anna Croft looked around in surprise.
<!>[The 'King of Fear' shudders.]
What was so enjoyable, the pupa was trembling in joy. No, upon closer inspection, the pupa looked like his throat was swallowing a cry. It was unclear which way it was, but this fight was definitely having some effect on the growth of the 'pupa'.
<!>[It's over.]
The explosion disappeared along with the warrior's words. The first to appear from the scattered dust was Yoo Joonghyuk.
Yoo Joonghyuk, who had unleashed all of the techniques from the first to the third form, was in a state where his entire body was completely burned black, like a meteor that had pierced through the atmosphere. Even amidst the scattered stories, his spear was aiming at its target without wavering.
<!>[The story, 'Demon King of Salvation', ends its storytelling.]
Cheon Inho, who had a hole in his stomach, looked up at Yoo Joonghyuk while kneeling.
'Unbreakable Faith' rolling on the floor. His convictions were not broken, but he was defeated and the story collapsed.
"I see."
Cheon Inho laughed.
"As expected, 'my story' won't do."
The pupa shivered once more.
As the 'Big House' shook, Yoo Joonghyuk said.
"Bring that guy."
"Impossible."
Cheon Inho, who was laughing with his mouth wide open as if it would tear, added.
"Where on earth are you going to bring 'that guy' whose name has now disappeared?"
"I remember that guy's name."
Yoo Joonghyuk slowly closed his eyes.
It was uncertain whether that was 'that guy's' name. Nevertheless, the name definitely remained in the dumplings the guy gave him.
A white name that seemed like it would melt away like fluttering snowflakes.
"■■■. That's his real name."
The moment he said that name, the shell of the 'King of Fear' cracked slightly.
Cheon Inho stared blankly at Yoo Joonghyuk and blinked.
"Do you think he can show you the ending you want?"
"It's none of your business."
"The ending you want can't be seen anywhere. This world line is ultimately prepared for 'destruction'."
"We won't know until we fight to the end."
"We'll know even if we don't fight."
An old madness flowed through Cheon Inho's eyes as he grinned.
"The only thing we can decide is the method of that 'destruction'."
A tingling pain flowed through Yoo Joonghyuk's temple. He had a strong feeling that something was wrong. He felt that Cheon Inho had fallen much more easily than he had thought. There was no way that the end of that meticulous villain could be this sloppy.
Kim Dokja, who had been holding back from speaking to save on probability, added, perhaps thinking the same thing.
—Surely, that guy's real purpose...
What if Cheon Inho's purpose from the beginning wasn't to win this fight?
"The King of Fear who loves sadness more than anyone else."
Cheon Inho spoke in a bright voice, looking at the pupa.
"Are you satisfied now?"
With a sound of probability, [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint] ended. He got a feeling.
—Yoo Joonghyuk! Get out of this house right now!
Yoo Joonghyuk instinctively moved while holding the spear of the 'Hwangcheonwolguk'. He grabbed the arm of Anna Croft, who was standing there dumbly.
But where should he go? How should he escape?
The moment Yoo Joonghyuk, who was worried, activated [Destruction Spear] to destroy space, a message rang out.
<!>[The 'King of Fear' begins a fable.]
Cheon Inho spread his arms and smiled brightly.
"King, let's watch the end together."
Soon, a bright light burst out from the pupa. Something was about to be born.
<!>[The 'End' begins.]
The world was dyed black.
***
I was sinking into the deep sea.
Gravity was pulling me down from beneath my feet.
Looking back, I had experienced something similar before. It was probably when I entered the 'National Palace Museum'. When I was collecting star jewels to collect the 'Death Sword', I [incited] myself as 'Kim Dokja', and I was in the same situation as now.
<&>「If you go down here, there is an abyss.」
How did it end up like this? I think back on my memories.
I guess it was because I was [incited] by Cheon Inho. If I had activated the [Fourth Wall], could I have avoided this situation?
I probably would have.
But I wanted to know. Even if it meant risking the risk of turning off my mental barrier, I wanted to understand the character called 'Cheon Inho' a little more. I wanted to.
<&>「"From now on, you are me, and I am you."」
I wanted to know what drove him so hard, and what the final 'record' he wanted was.
And maybe, now I know a little about him.
<&>「Cheon Inho wanted to be 'recorded'.」
I don't know if that's a reasonable understanding of Cheon Inho. However, some of what I understood was like that. He just wanted to be recorded next to the main character. That was all he wanted.
A reason that someone might laugh at and say that was all he wanted.
But some people are born with it as a given, while others struggle their whole lives to have it. Just because they're neither the main character nor the supporting actor, just because they were made that way, maybe I understand that feeling well.
And the second Kim Dok-ja — 'King of Fear' must have felt the same way.
<!>[The 'End' begins.]
The moment I heard the message in my ear, I suddenly came to my senses. It wasn't time to stay like this. I had to get out of here little by little.
I concentrated my mind and activated the [Fourth Wall]. But the skill didn't activate.
Why? Was something wrong?
Just as I was starting to feel like I was losing my breath, something pulled me up from the surface of the water.
A very small hand.
I grabbed that small hand and came up to the surface. When I let out a breath, I was in a snowfield. It was the snowfield where I had talked to Cheon Inho. And what pulled me up was.
"Ah."
A very small Kim Dokja.
"Kiyeon hyung."
It was Gihyung who had disappeared with Cheon Inho. Cheon Inho had returned Kiyeon hyung to me as promised.
"Ah."
My hyung clung to my leg, probably happy to see me again. Knowing that Kiyeon hyung's true nature was a bearded man, I carefully pulled him away.
"Thank goodness, you're safe."
"Ah."
"I told you not to cry like Biyoo."
"Ah."
"Thank you for saving me."
Kiyeon nodded vigorously and looked up at the sky. I also looked up at the sky with Kiyeon.
It was snowing. To be exact, stories fragments were falling like snow.
<&>「The Fear Realm has opened.」
We read the sentences pouring down into the snowfield.
<&>「"Block it! Block it from this side!"」
<&>「"The Fear Realm’s entrance has opened!"」
The shouts of the transcendents.
There were the incarnations of the Transcendental Alliance that I knew. They were fighting against the end.
God of Despair Chunghuh, Ryunard, Karlton, Yoo Hosung, Cheok Jeongyung, Kyrgios, Breaking the Sky Swordsmaster.
All the transcendents gathered together, fighting against the waves of Outer Gods that were flooding in.
<&>「"Kuaaaaah!"」
<&>「"Damn it, the Outer Gods are moving into the scenario area!"」
Every single sentence was so interesting that I felt like I could read it forever.
Sentences that make you lose your sense of reality.
The deaths of the incarnations between the sentences were distant and hazy.
When all these sentences pile up, the world will be dyed pure white. And pure white destruction will come.
We will lie between these lines and watch that destruction.
"Hyung, we can’t just watch."
Kiyeon hyung looked up at me.
"It’s the world we created."
In this 'Fear Realm', the world hyung wrote and the world I wrote coexist.
"Ah."
"We wrote these characters ourselves, with our own hands."
I didn't come here to see this kind of quiet destruction. I still had sentences I wanted to write. There were lines I wanted to change.
"Ah."
Kiyeon nodded as if he agreed. I held Kiyeon's hand tightly and said.
"Please lend me your strength."
I can't do it alone. But if you help me, I might be able to somehow.
"Ah."
Just like that day when we wrote the story together, I might be able to create a proper ending to this world.
"Let's go together."
I started walking while carrying Kiyeon.
I don't know why I'm trapped in this 'snowfield'. I don't know why the [Fourth Wall] doesn't listen to me. However, if anyone thinks of me, if I can use [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint] just once. Then I can get out of here.
I thought I could get out.
<&>「What are you going to do when you go out?」
I’m going to stop the apocalypse.
<&>「How?」
I have to convince the second Kim Dokja.
I have to ask him to stop the apocalypse.
I got goosebumps for a moment.
The [Fourth Wall] is now broken.
So who am I talking to right now?
I slowly turned my head and saw a boy.
The dust of stories fluttering from his wings like snowflakes. The moment I smelled it, my mind became hazy.
The snow flurry that made me feel drunk if I lost my mind even for a moment.
The boy landed gracefully with his mysteriously sparkling, translucent wings spread wide.
<&>「How?」
The second Kim Dokja.
He was the 'King of Fear'.
