<title>876 Episode 47 King of Fear (20)
First Kim Dokja— The Demon King of Salvation glared at the newspaper on the table with discontented eyes. The kkomas Kim Dokjas who were stuck to his whole body spoke.
<&>「(I can't see it.)」
<&>「(Hyung.)」
<&>「(Show me. Show me.)」
The Demon King of Salvation frowned and pulled off the kkoma Kim Dokjas who were stuck to him one by one. When he pulled off the Kim Dokja who was stuck to his face, he saw the last sentence of the newspaper that was half-torn.
<&>「Successful world line transfer.」
That was the Youngest's last record.
<&>「(What is it? Why did it suddenly cut off? Where did he go?)」
The Demon King of Salvation was inwardly perplexed.
He roughly figured out what had happened. The Youngest jumped into the world line where the Apocalypse Dragon existed to save the others of the Fear Realm, and closed the 'door'. In short, he couldn't control his habit again and committed 'Dokja behavior'.
<&>「(Damn it. Why are all Kim Dokjas like this?)」
He wonders if <Kim Dokja’s Company> that used to see him felt like this.
The Demon King of Salvation thought as he stroked the last page of the newspaper where the sentences were cut off.
<!>[The '4th Wall' is currently being restored.]
He had a rough idea of ​​why the sentences were cut off.
<!>[Exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall’s', composition is extremely unstable.]
The library shook uneasily as if it would collapse at any moment.
A few kkoma Kim Dokjas clung to his legs as if they were scared. Kim Dokja looked around while hanging on to the kkoma Kim Dokjas like a fruit tree.
In the past few days, the [Fourth Wall] had changed quite a bit on the inside. It was already a somewhat dark and gloomy place, but now it had an atmosphere where a real ghost might appear. It wasn’t a metaphor, but a real thing, something was wriggling in the darkness inside the library where the light didn’t reach.
The Demon King of Salvation knew what that wriggling thing was.
<&>「(Hey.)」
The Demon King of Salvation kicked the thing that was hanging like a larva in the darkness with the tip of his foot. However, the man with a good fortune didn’t get up.
When he brought the lamp closer, he could see the man’s appearance in detail.
Second Kim Dokja—The 'Watcher of Light and Darkness' was there.
<&>「(How long are you going to sleep? Why aren’t you waking up?)」
Of course, he knew that he wasn’t simply asleep. The guy wasn’t asleep, but rather, he was unable to come to his senses due to serious damage to his stories.
The Demon King of Salvation hesitated for a moment and placed his hand on the forehead of the Second Kim Dokja, who was hanging.
What should I do?
Would it get better if I fed him his favorite 'sad story'?
After a brief moment of thought, the Demon King of Salvation took out the 'sad story' he could think of.
But then, something came crashing down from a corner of the [Fourth Wall]. At the same time, the floor of the library cracked.
The Demon King of Salvation let out a light sigh and stood up, asking the direction from which the sound came.
<&>「(What are you guys doing?)」
At that, the monsters suddenly poked their heads out of the darkness.
The First Kim Dokja pursed his lips and asked.
<&>「(Didn’t I tell you to clean up the fallen books, not to destroy the entire library?)」
At that, the monsters laughed. Their faces were reflected in the flickering lamplight.
They were all Outer Gods that had been in a state of Fear.
From the shell of the 'Dream Eater', to the headless dragon, and…
<&>「(Especially you. Aren’t you doing your job properly? I thought you’d be helpful since you have so many arms.)」
At the Demon King of Salvation’s remark, the four-armed skeleton rattled its jaw. It was the 'Founder of the Absolute Throne'.
<&>「(Just kick them all out?)」
The 'Founder of the Absolute Throne' rattled his skull again with a sullen expression.
The moment the Demon King of Salvation, who was frustrated by that sight, couldn't hold it in any longer and was about to say one more word.
<&>「(Hehe, they can't even speak properly. Don't bother them too much.)」
Three Transcendents appeared with the voice.
Chunghuh, Ryunard, and Karlton.
All of them were key figures of the Transcendent Alliance.
The Demon King of Salvation glared at the three and replied.
<&>「(Then you guys who know how to speak, do it instead.)」
<&>「(Hmm.)」
<&>「(No, why did you crawl here in the first place? You could have just gotten on the train and escaped.)」
<&>「(That's because, unfortunately, we belong to the 'Fear Realm' itself.)」
Unlike the other members of the Transcendent Alliance, the three were cases of being transferred to this world from a 'different worldline'.
The reason they were able to exist in this world was because the 'King of Fear' took on the burden of the lack of probability.
In other words, as the 'King of Fear' who ruled the Fear Realm became affiliated with the [Fourth Wall], their affiliation also changed to the [Fourth Wall].
<&>「(How many more people are trying to come into this already cramped library, damn it.)」
<&>「(…)」
<&>「(If you came in, at least help me out a little. Do you know what our Youngest looks like right now?)」
<&>「(Hmm, I can guess what happened.)」
<&>「(Don’t you have any useful abilities? I’m sure you guys have made a lot of money in your own worlds.)」
<&>「(According to the Transcendent Alliance regulations, we can’t exercise our power outside of the 'Fear Realm'.)」
<&>「(So you’re not going to help us at all?)」
Three people shrugged at those words at the same time.
Chunghuh coughed in vain again and pretended not to know.
<&>「(That Zeus guy is really strong. Are all the 'Myth-grade' guys in this worldline like that?)」
At Chunghuh’s subtle question, something came to mind belatedly. Now that he thinks about it, these three did their part. The reason the Youngest was able to be active in the Fear Realm was because these three held onto the Myth-grade Constellations of the 'Giant Nebula'. If those from other dimensions played that role, it's safe to say that they used most of the probability allowed in this world line.
<&>「(Damn it, stop it. I didn't even expect you to help me in the first place.)」
The Demon King of Salvation approached the table again and began reading the newspaper from the beginning.
So many things have happened at once since he entered the 'Fear Realm'.
The Second Kim Dokja, the King of Fear, is one thing, but...
The incident that particularly caught his attention was the appearance of 'Cheon Inho', who became a Recorder of Fear, and another Kim Dokja.
Those guys are so quiet that it's unsettling.
Even if that's true, the appearance of Kim Dokja, whom the Youngest named 'Snowfield Kim Dokja', was unexpected. The Demon King of Salvation still remembered the figure of the guy who tore his brothers apart.
The one who had been watching this 41st Round before that, the one who had collected over 50 percent of the 'Kim Dokja fragments' and had become closer to the one and only Kim Dokja than anyone else.
Not only did that being start to intervene in the scenario in earnest, but he even appeared in the Snowfield and attacked the 'King of Fear' directly.
This must mean that the probability of this world was slowly flowing to the point where it would allow the guy's actions.
The only good thing was that no more 'Kim Dokja fragments' flowed to him. And thanks to the Youngest, the First and Second who had been separated were reunited.
Now that the two were together, there was only one thing left.
<&>「(Please, take this.)」
The Demon King of Salvation muttered as he pressed the call button on his smartphone.
—Third Kim Dokja.
The guy who always sets his smartphone to 'airplane mode'. In fact, he knew the Third's number, but the Demon King of Salvation had never heard the Third's voice even once.
In fact, he had made a call once. But that time, a strange man answered the phone instead and all he heard was, 'Don't call me again.' At first, he thought he had dialed the wrong number, but no matter how much he thought about it, there was no way that could be true.
Above all, the number of the 'Third Kim Dokja,' was obtained through a deal with the great otherworldly god, 'Bowang.'
<!>[The other party is currently in 'airplane mode'.]
Is it not going to work this time too?
The Demon King of Salvation shook his head and put his smartphone in his bosom.
Just like the First and Second, the Great King of Fear, the Third must also be trapped in his own legend. And within that legend, the Third may have made his own decision.
The Demon King of Salvation let out a light sigh and muttered as he looked at the torn newspaper again.
<&>「(Youngest, I think we’ll have to figure it out on our own.)」
But then, the smartphone in his arms vibrated.
—Third Kim Dokja.
The Demon King of Salvation threw down the newspaper he was holding and answered the phone.
***
Is there really no one there?
Jaehwan let out a light sigh and looked around. The cubic space centered around him, which was exactly ten meters wide, was literally 'blocked' by a translucent membrane.
The dokkaebis of the Management Bureau were more formidable than he thought.
No matter how much he overused his power, he could set up a 'Dark Dimension' that could temporarily seal himself.
'The 《Big Brother》 here must be quite a great guy.'
Jaehwan tapped the translucent membrane. It seemed like it was probably made of a material similar to the 'Void Curtain'.
'I guess I can break through it if I try…'
If you try to break through from the inside, part of this dimension will be blown away.
If you do that, 'that guy' will definitely get angry.
It seems that this curtain can only be opened from the outside...
"That's funny. They say even a tiger will come when you call it."
Jaehwan smirked as he spotted a man approaching from the other side of the translucent curtain.
The man in the pitch-black coat looked around for a moment, then flew straight toward him.
Jaehwan's expression hardened slightly as he confirmed the man who had come close.
"I see you're holding a spear, so it's that guy from 'this worldline'."
The voice couldn't get through the curtain, but the two were still able to understand each other.
The first to speak was Yoo Joonghyuk from the 41st Round.
"I need your help."
What had happened on the way here? Yoo Joonghyuk's entire body was almost like rags. The black coat he had been sporting was torn to shreds, one finger was missing from his left hand, and his thigh and shoulder were deeply wounded to the point where the bones were exposed.
Jaehwan said with a bitter smile.
"You look like you need help."
"Will you help me?"
"Are the humans of this dimension incapable of doing anything on their own?"
Yoo Joonghyuk did not respond to Jaehwan's provocation.
Jaehwan glared at Yoo Joonghyuk and then said.
"I can't help you. I'm trapped here because of that damn 'Kim Dokja'."
"I can release you."
"It's not a seal that you can release with just your strength."
As if his pride was hurt by those words, Yoo Joonghyuk tightly shut his lips. Jaehwan added, finding Yoo Joonghyuk's appearance amusing.
"If you want to help me, you'll have to regress a thousand more times. Or bring someone who has regressed that much."
"I can't regress that many times. I don't want to regress any more."
"Since the so-called Regressor has given up on regressing, I guess he's even more useless."
He said that, but Jaehwan's eyes were filled with a strange color.
He liked Yoo Joonghyuk's answer.
"I can save you."
"So, at your current level, this isn't something you can do..."
"Teach me so I can break this curtain."
"What?"
Jaehwan's eyebrows twitched for a moment.
The eyes of the Regressor were endlessly serious.
Jaehwan smiled as he met those eyes.
"You, you saw 'something'."
Jaehwan knew a little about the history of the character 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.
Unlike him who hated regression, this Regressor lived by repeating thousands of regressions.
He hated to admit it, but this Regressor was quite similar to him.
Just as he repeated 'stabbing' for a long time, this man also became stronger by repeating 'life'.
But that was after the man repeated thousands of regressions.
The Regressor in front of him now was nothing more than a novice who had only regressed a few dozen times.
"You are already close to the peak that you can reach now. It’s not something I can teach you to overcome."
"I know you have a special way to 'transcend'."
Jaehwan remained silent for a moment as if he could accept Yoo Joonghyuk’s sincerity.
"If you use that method to become stronger, you won’t be who you are now."
"But it doesn’t matter."
An expression filled with firm determination.
Jaehwan spoke as if confirming his determination for the last time.
"You’ll think it’s better to die, right?"
It was a warning, but Yoo Joonghyuk looked happy, surprisingly.
"The sea I’ve been hoping for."
Yoo Joonghyuk answered like that and suddenly looked back. There wasn’t really anyone there. Even so, if you were to ask if there was nothing there, that wasn’t the case.
The vast expanse of the <Star Stream> galaxy.
The Constellations that cheered him on, the people he loved. The distant stories he had walked, and perhaps he would have to walk, were there. It was too long a history for one human.
Nevertheless, it wasn’t long enough, so he was still here.
"Because that was the only wish I had made my whole life."
