<title>879 Episode 48 Avatar (2)
<@>[Avatar.]
The moment I heard that, my head throbbed.
<&>「"Are you Han Sooyoung's 'avatar'?"」
If I think about it, Kim Dokja, who visited the 1,863rd round, had also asked Han Sooyoung in front of me a similar question.
Then, her question now might be revenge for that day that had been going on for so long.
I took a deep breath and opened my mouth.
"I."
I tried to say.
I'm not an [Avatar]. Just like you, I'm not just a proxy for 'Kim Dokja'.
But Han Sooyoung nodded without even listening to my answer and began to tell me this story.
"That guy, he's already seen ■■, right?"
"..."
"Well, the flow of time is different in each worldline. It wouldn't be strange if he was faster than me."
What on earth was she thinking when she saw me? Han Sooyoung's face brightened and darkened repeatedly.
"So, why did you come here? Did that guy send you? Was he worried about me?"
"Uh..."
"Or did you come because you were curious about the story of this worldline? Were you curious about the world I created?"
"That's it."
"How's that guy doing? Is he healthy? Does he still make people mad whenever he gets a chance?"
I couldn't bring myself to say that as I watched Han Sooyoung giggle. I couldn't say that the Kim Dokja you remember no longer exists in this universe.
I closed my eyes tightly and answered like this.
"Yes."
But it seems that I was mistaken about Han Sooyoung.
<!>[Someone is activating 'Lie Detection'.]
My heart went cold. I slowly opened my eyes, and Han Sooyoung was glaring at me with a cold expression.
Her small hand grabbed my collar.
"Hey."
A tremendous amount of blue was flowing out around her. I could sense once again what kind of being Han Sooyoung was in front of me.
She was the only one who had fallen into this round and reached the end of the world. The 'director of the false ending' who had created an ending that no one could have imagined.
"Where is that kid now?"
"…"
"Tell me."
Cold sweat was dripping down my back, but I couldn’t answer.
"No."
"Why?"
Because depending on what I said right now, the future of the entire universe could change.
<&>「Han Sooyoung in front of me was going to be tIs123.」
She was the one who had perfected 'Ways of Survival' for the young Kim Dokja.
<&>「She doesn’t yet know that she is destined to be tls123.」
If I had given her false information and the original price had been wrong—if the origin of the modern universe had been distorted—I wasn’t confident that I could take responsibility for it. Of course, no matter what I said, the already-established 'worldline of the beginning' might not change.
But just in case.
"Really? You won't tell me."
Han Sooyoung's eyes turned fierce.
<!>[Character, 'Han Sooyoung', has activated 'Eyes of Truth'!]
<@>[Eyes of Truth became even more powerful than when she met Kim Dokja. Her skill, which had synergy with 'Predictive Plagiarism', began to dissect me.]
"Do you think I can't read it because you're hiding it?"
An alarm bell rang in my head. I realized it instinctively. When that skill starts, all of my stories will be read. Then Han Sooyoung will know everything that happened in the 41st round.
<&>「That's dif fi cult」
The next moment, I felt something like the binding of a thick book covering my consciousness.
<!>[Exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall', activates!]
Then, a bright spark covered the suite room.
***
To conclude, Han Sooyoung was unable to read the 'story' inside me. This time, it was thanks to the [Fourth Wall].
"Damn, this is the first time I've seen such a vicious guy since that guy. Should I really torture him?"
Lee Seolhwa asked at Han Sooyoung's sharp words.
"Isn't that guy the same guy from back then?"
"That's a pretty philosophical problem."
Han Sooyoung sighed several times and put me back on the bed where I was hanging in the air.
"Hey. Got it. I won't look. Okay?"
Han Sooyoung gave up faster than I thought. Of course, I knew that it wasn't a real give-up. Han Sooyoung is definitely not a soft person. She must have been trying to get information out of me by pretending to persuade me. Han Sooyoung pulled a chair over and turned it upside down toward me, then asked with her arm resting on the back of the chair.
"I really won't see it. I'll make an [Oath of Existence]."
"You can avoid that with [Avatar], right?"
"Oh, you know that too?"
Han Sooyoung took out her notebook as if she had just remembered something and started writing it down. Somehow, the more she talked, the more I felt like she was stopping me, so I shut my mouth again.
"Are you going to keep your mouth shut?"
"..."
"You must have a purpose for coming to this worldline, too. If you stay silent like that, nothing will change, right?"
Han Sooyoung's urging made me come to my senses once again.
The purpose of coming to this worldline.
That's right. Right now, I wasn't going to just sit around and do nothing.
"How did you end up here? You can tell me that much, right?"
"If you turn off [Lie Detection], I'll tell you."
"Anyway, who would say that bastard's avatar?"
After hearing the message that [Lie Detection] was ending in my head, I slowly opened my mouth.
"I was trying to prevent the destruction of my worldline, and somehow I ended up here."
"The worldline is destroyed?"
I couldn't hide all the information anyway. Since I came to this worldline, I also needed her help.
"To be exact, it almost happened. I managed to stop it somehow."
Han Sooyoung muttered after thinking about something for a moment.
"Is that why our Apocalypse Dragon was talking in his sleep?"
"Sleeping?"
"That's right. So you were trying to prevent destruction and fell into this worldline?"
"Yes."
"That's strange."
"What are you talking about?"
"There's no way that the worldline that bastard is in would suddenly be destroyed. And he's telling his avatar to do this because the worldline is destroyed? The 'Demon King of Salvation' himself?"
For a moment, a premonition flashed through my mind.
A strange smile lingered on Han Sooyoung’s lips.
"You’re not from the 3rd round, are you?"
What kind of leap of thought would be required to make such a prediction?
I nodded, hiding my admiration.
"Yes, I’m not from the 3rd round."
"Then?"
Since I’ve been caught this far anyway, wouldn’t it be okay to at least tell her where I came from?
After making up my mind, I opened my mouth.
"I’m from the 41st round."
"The 41st round?"
"I can’t tell you more details even if you ask me."
"Why can’t I? Is there any information I shouldn’t know?"
Looking at her snickering face, I repeated my resolve several times.
I need to come to my senses.
The opponent is Han Sooyoung, who has [Predictive Plagiarism].
If I spill strange information, I’ll ruin the whole story.
"There’s a lot."
"I'm even more curious when you say it like that."
"Even if you're curious, I can't tell you."
"As far as I know, there were two '41st round' in 'Ways of Survival'."
Even if it was Han Sooyoung, I didn't know that she could recall that much just by hearing the words '41st round.'
"Once, the 41st round before Shin Yoosoung returned to the past. And once, the 41st round after Shin Yoosoung returned to the past."
I deliberately kept my mouth shut.
But Han Sooyoung seemed to have read something from my silence.
"Judging by your expression, you're from the former. Right?"
How could Kim Dokja dare to have a 'Sacred Three Questions' with Han Sooyoung, who would bite at the end of every word and chase after the truth?
I nodded and answered.
"Yes. That's right.
"Wow, you really came from the worst round. There, Yoo Joonghyuk is a total idiot, right?"
"That's it."
As expected, Han Sooyoung also seems to know about the infamy of the 41st round.
"Actually, it's not that much of a idiot."
"Huh? Are you protecting Yoo Joonghyuk right now?"
"Not to the point of protecting him, though."
"Anyway, you're similar to him in that you talk back to me every time."
Han Sooyoung looked quite pleased for someone who said that.
"Anyway, then you're pretty lucky, aren't you?"
"Yes?"
"You escaped that horrible '41st round'. You seem to have enough memories to survive even if you're separated from your main body."
I'd never thought of it that way.
"What do you mean, just stay here. Living in another world would be a pretty refreshing experience, right? Anyway, if you go back, you'll be integrated into the main body."
The person who said that was the one who actually did it herself.
Han Sooyoung in the 1,863rd round was an avatar who had received half of the memories from the main body. No, at the point where half had been transferred, it would be difficult to determine which side was the 'main body'... Anyway.
"So, who did you make a contract with to come over?"
"A contract?"
"If you had attempted to move between worldlines, wouldn't you have made an 'Otherworldly Oath'?"
As I blankly looked up at her face, something suddenly occurred to me.
<&>「<Star Stream>'s 'worldline movement requires special probability.」
Originally, in the <Star Stream>, 'worldline movement' was only possible under special conditions.
For example, based on the main story, there were three ways to 'move worldlines'.
One was to use Yoo Joonghyuk's 'regression'.
In the main story, <Kim Dokja Company> realized that the essence of 'regression' was to create a 'new worldline' and there was a time when they practiced 'collective regression'.
The second was when they attempted to move to another worldline using the 'Last Ark' used by the saints.
As expected, this was the method used by <Kim Dokja Company> and Yoo Joonghyuk in the main story, and they boarded this ark and returned to their original round in the 1,865th round.
The last third was to make an 'Otherworldly Covenant'.
The Han Sooyoung in front of me was the case of crossing the 'worldline' using that third method. The otherworldly deity she contracted with was 'SecretI’ve Plotter'.
"Huh? Who did you contract with?"
In her eyes, I had neither [regression] nor come over on the ark. So it was natural to assume that I had crossed the 'worldline' through the third method.
"That's it, I."
And that was exactly the problem.
<&>「I did not make a 'Otherworldly Covenant' with anyone.」
I had simply come over here through the door of the 'Time Fault'.
The moment I realized that fact, I felt a chill.
I heard this.
<&>「Is that even possible?」
Even that great Secretive Plotter had to expend a considerable amount of probability to help Kim Dokja move through worldlines. But now I—
Tsutsutsutsut.
Sparks lightly flew around my incarnation body. My breathing became faster little by little. Even though the [Fourth Wall] was clearly activated, it was difficult to move my incarnation body. It was clear why.
Right now, the 1863rd round was unable to accept my existence.
<!>[The <Star Stream>'s probability is moving!]
<!>[The Management Bureau has noticed your presence!]
<!>[The Dokkaebis of the Management Bureau are questioning your existence!]
A sign of the aftermath slowly creeping in.
I opened my mouth urgently as I listened to the ominous message blaring in real time.
"I, absolutely must survive. I must return alive."
"What?"
How did I get here, I couldn’t die because of the probability.
"Please help me."
If it was Han Sooyoung, there must be a way. If she had [Predictive Plagiarism], there must be a way to overcome my current situation. But.
"Why me?"
"Huh?"
Han Sooyoung asked back in a cold voice.
"You, you didn’t come over to see me?"
The moment I heard that, I realized the identity of the strange sense of discomfort I had felt throughout the conversation.
"That bastard, he forgot all about this side, didn’t he?"
That’s right.
Perhaps <Kim Dokja Company> wasn’t the only one to lose 'Dokja'.
After Kim Dokja left, Han Sooyoung in the 1,863rd round.
"Why should I help the avatar of a guy who doesn’t even care about what happens to this world?"
She was completely upset.
