<title>880 Episode 48 Avatar (3)
"No, wait a minute."
It was unfair. Because it wasn’t me who left Han Sooyoung alone for the 1,863rd round.
"I’m not an [Avatar]."
"Then what?"
"I—"
I hesitated. I couldn’t think of anything I could say to persuade her.
For a moment, a brief temptation occurred to me.
What if I just used [Incite]? If I used [Incite] to persuade Han Sooyoung to do my bidding.
"I can hear your head spinning."
The moment I heard Han Sooyoung’s laughter, I realized. The opponent in front of me wasn’t someone who could do that.
There was nothing I could do. From here on out, I had no choice but to play fair.
"Just as you’re not the avatar of 'Han Sooyoung in the 3rd round', I’m not just Kim Dokja’s avatar."
Han Sooyoung smiled as if she found it interesting.
"Really? How much of your memories did you inherit?"
"I barely received any memories."
"Yeah. They call someone like you [Avatar]. But isn't that right?"
"Does the amount of memories you have matter? It's not the amount of memories that proves who I am."
"Is that so?"
Han Sooyoung nodded and wrote something in her notebook.
I added while looking at Han Sooyoung like that.
"Just because Han Sooyoung did something wrong in the third round, you wouldn't blame her for it. It's a bit unfair to blame me for Kim Dokja's mistakes."
"Are you trying to say that you're not that Kim Dokja?"
"Yes. I'm not the Kim Dokja you know."
"Then there's no reason for me to help you? Because you're not that Kim Dokja."
Is that really the case? Damn it. I quickly changed my subject.
"But there's something called joint responsibility in this world. Since I'm also using Kim Dokja's name, I think I'm qualified to atone for his mistakes."
Kim Dokja's joint responsibility.
It feels a bit unfair. If there is a responsibility for the Kim Dokja Solidarity, shouldn’t there also be benefits for the Kim Dokja Solidarity? But I’ve never received anything like that.
Of course, I couldn’t complain to Han Sooyoung right in front of me.
Han Sooyoung stared at me blankly and chuckled.
"How are you going to atone for this?"
I cleared my throat slightly and began to speak.
"It’s all my fault. I’m sorry for leaving you alone. But I didn’t do it on purpose either."
Han Sooyoung’s eyes shook subtly. I didn’t miss that moment and continued to speak.
"I was curious about your story too. I was curious about how you were doing, what you were thinking, and if something big had happened in your world."
"…"
"I didn’t intentionally avoid visiting. I was just scared."
"Are you scared?"
"Sometimes, when it’s a story you really like, it’s scary to know the ending."
Han Sooyoung quietly watched me like that, then glanced at Lee Seolhwa who was peeking at her from behind and smiled bitterly.
"If someone saw me, they'd think I was doing this because I wanted an apology."
"You weren't?"
"What would I do accepting something like that?"
"Then why are you upset?"
Was that too direct? Han Sooyoung's expression cracked for a moment.
I didn't miss the opportunity and asked.
"Do you by any chance like Kim Dokja?"
"What?"
"If that's not the case, there's no reason for you to be so upset. Weren't you and Kim Dokja just in a business relationship? You gave and took. You broke up cleanly."
"…"
"Or did you actually want to go back to the third round with Kim Dokja?"
Han Sooyoung belatedly asked with narrowed eyes.
"You're talking about having a pierced mouth, but have you forgotten who's holding the knife?"
"I know. You’re holding on to it. And very tightly. So please spare me."
"Oh my."
"If you spare me, I’ll help you meet Kim Dokja."
Han Sooyoung paused for a moment and asked back.
"Why do you think I want to meet that kid?"
"If not, I’m sorry, but that kid would really want to see you."
Han Sooyoung’s expression once again showed embarrassment.
"If you keep talking nonsense…"
"Han Sooyoung."
Tsk tsk, sparks colored my incarnation body along with the sound. I decided to settle the matter before the aftermath grew any bigger.
"Kim Dokja is in danger. Only you can save him."
Kim Dokja is in danger. I clearly saw the blue that spread across Han Sooyoung’s expression at those words. I was a little envious, and a little sorry.
"Can you take responsibility for that statement?"
"Yes, I can take responsibility."
I knew how cowardly my words were.
Even if I didn’t do anything, she would meet Kim Dokja again. More precisely, the less I did anything, the higher the probability that she would meet Kim Dokja again.
She was destined to become tIs123, and she would definitely meet the young Kim Dokja.
Of course, it wouldn’t be the kind of reunion she wanted.
"How is Kim Dokja in danger?"
"That is…"
"If I save you, you will tell me?"
When I nodded, Han Sooyoung glared at me with a disapproving look and asked.
"I need to know who you made a contract with to come here."
"Will you help me?"
"I will listen to your story."
Fortunately, the atmosphere was not bad. I swallowed a light sigh and said.
"I didn’t make a contract with anyone."
"What?"
"I didn’t make an 'Otherworldly Covenant' to come here."
There is a possibility that an 'Otherworldly Covenant' that I don't know about has been activated.
Strictly speaking, I came here through the 'Fear Realm', and the owner of the 'Fear Realm' was the 'King of Fear'.
The 'King of Fear' held numerous otherworldly deities, so it would be safe to say that the 'Fear Realm' itself was an 'Otherworldly Covenant'.
However, the 'Fear Realm' has now been destroyed, and the 'King of Fear' has lost his power.
In other words, the 'contract' that sent me here has lost its effect. However, Han Sooyoung's expression upon hearing my words was strange.
"Wait a minute, then you—"
At that moment, thunder rang out from outside the window. Han Sooyoung's eyebrows furrowed and Lee Seolhwa opened the curtains by the window almost at the same time.
"Captain, something is strange!"
Lee Hyunsung's shout from outside. There was a huge portal swirling in the sky outside the window.
I and Han Sooyoung knew what it was.
<&>「Great Hall.」
A passageway to another world was about to open in the vast expanse of sky. A tremendous feast could be felt beyond the hall.
Han Sooyoung glared at me with a frown.
"What on earth have you done?"
I looked up at the sky in confusion.
<&>「Even if it was the 1,863rd round, there’s no way a 'god of another world' would suddenly descend in the clear sky.」
The scale of probability eventually shifted toward offsetting its weight.
If a god of another world had appeared, it meant that there was a 'probability' that he would descend in this world line.
My heart sank.
<&>「It’s because of me.」
Up until now, my existence had been protected by a 'scenario'.
<!>[The Management Bureau does not accept your existence.]
However, there was no scenario assigned to me in this worldline. In other words, the current me was an existence that was not needed in the 'scenario'.
Tsutsutsutsut!
The spark that was immediately felt in my incarnation body was the proof.
This worldline does not consider my existence 'probable'. Therefore, in order to protect the probability of this world, my existence must disappear.
<#>【Ooooooooooo.】
Therefore, the guy coming over from the 'Great Hall' right now was a kind of grim reaper that came to erase me from this world.
<#>【IwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantitIwantit.】
Han Sooyoung didn't panic and just flicked her fingers in the air.
<!>['True Word Defense System' is activating!]
I felt something like a transparent membrane surrounding the headquarters. Surprisingly, the defense barrier was withstanding the true words of that distant outer god.
Kugugugugu.
But as the size of the 'Great Hall' growing in the sky grew, the shaking of the defense barrier also increased.
Han Sooyoung glared at me and asked.
"Do you know what you did?"
"I'm sorry."
"You're apologizing for bringing something like that? Lee Seolhwa, did you finish measuring its level?"
Lee Seolhwa, who was waiting nearby, shook her head and answered.
"The story measuring device is broken."
"It was fine until the last time you measured the 'Dream Eater', right?"
"It's level is higher than that time."
"Then it's at least 'Old Existence' level or higher. What's its true name?"
"I didn't figure it out."
"Hmm."
Han Sooyoung's expression became very serious.
"The final scenario is right around the corner, and because of this kid, the Earth could be destroyed."
I nodded calmly and said.
"I'm really sorry. So please help me, Han Sooyoung."
Han Sooyoung grumbled as if she was dumbfounded by my words.
"This is really shameless."
"You don't have a choice anyway. If you don't help me, your worldline will be destroyed."
"What do you want me to help you with?"
"Please help me return to the 41st round."
As I said before, there are several conditions needed to 'move worldlines' in this world. However, I wasn't Yoo Joonghyuk, and I didn't have an 'ark' to cross worldlines like the constellations.
So now, the only thing left for me is the last method.
"I will make an Otherworldly Covenant."
"Will that work now?"
"Why not?"
"With that kind of thing targeting you right now, do you think there would be an Outer God that wants to make an 'Otherwordly Covenant' with you?"
Han Sooyoung was right.
The otherworldly deity that is making an 'Otherworldly Covenant' right now will definitely clash with the outer god targeting me from beyond the 'Great Hall'.
In other words, only a being stronger than the 'otherworldly deity' targeting me would accept my offer.
"If the guy over there is stronger than the 'old being', then there is a possibility that he is at the level of the 'great old being'."
Great old being.
I kept my mouth shut at that expression that I had finally heard. Han Sooyoung added, how she had taken my silence unknown.
"If the guy over there is at the 'great old being' level, then there will be no outer god that will help you."
I knew it too.
The outer god that reaches the 'great old being' level is a kind of 'mythical constellation' among the outer gods.
Still, I shook my head.
"No, it's not like there's no one."
Even if the being that covets me from beyond is a 'Great Old Being', it's not like there's no Outer Deity that can stand against it.
"You, really."
Han Sooyoung's expression as she looked at me was strangely hardened. Perhaps she had realized it too.
"The being that brought you to this 'worldline'."
The only being that can stand against a 'Great Old Being' is a 'Great Old Being'.
I took a deep breath and opened my mouth.
"Han Sooyoung, please call 'Secretive Plotter'."
