<title>882 Episode 48 Avatar (5)
If you think about it, there’s a reason why dragons are so strong in the <Star Stream>. They’ve been objects of fear and awe since time immemorial.
Everyone has heard stories of wizards or knights fighting dragons at least once.
I was like that too. I loved dragons so much that I even read the pages of the 「Encyclopedia of Fantasy Beasts」 that had 'dragons' in them over and over again.
I imagined what it would be like if I could tame a dragon—or if I could fly on one.
But while I was just imagining, there was someone who made that imagination a reality.
Kuoooooooo!
Along with the feeling of the air being compressed, the dragon’s breath, filled with splendid tales, pierced the sky.
<&>「Breath of the Apocalypse.」
The original 'Last Dragon of the Apocalypse'’s main skill was its 'tail wagging', but the Apocalypse didn’t always just wag its tail. Like any other dragon, the Apocalypse also uses its breath. Especially when dealing with a powerful 'single entity' like this.
<#>【Ooooooooooooooooo—!】
The breath went straight through the atmosphere and struck the Outer God beyond the curtain.
A long and painful cry was heard from beyond the curtain.
As expected, even an Outer God beyond the 'Old Being' level would not be able to handle the power of the Apocalypse Dragon.
The fiercely swirling 'Great Hall' was slowly closing.
I was dumbfounded by that unbelievable sight and just looked up at the sky.
Who would have thought?
That it would be possible to make that 'Final Dragon of the Apocalypse' into a weapon.
That's when I heard an angry voice from afar.
<#>【Unauthorized... You will be punished.】
I came to my senses for a moment.
That's right. Even if it was the Final Scenario, there was no way such incredible power could be possible without a price.
In fact, a different pattern appeared in Han Sooyoung's eyes as she reached out toward the sky. It was a pattern I knew.
<&>「Ring of Chaos.」
A similar pattern had appeared in the eyes of Jung Heewon, who had defeated the Demon Kings in the 'Seongma Daejeon'.
"Han Sooyoung?"
At that moment, I felt like I understood many things.
I understood why she had said she could not call 'Secretive Plotter' and why she had been reluctant to make a new covenant with a 'Divine Being of the Other World'.
She had already made a new 'Otherworldly Covenant'.
And with a 'Divine Being of the Other World' that was powerful enough to defeat that 'Old Being'.
Tsutsutsutsu.
At that moment, an ominous spark began to fly from her entire body.
"Han Sooyoung!"
The moment I suddenly stood up from my seat, sensing the ominousness, the scenery of the world stopped.
<!>[Exclusive skill, '□□', is activated!]
The scenery was dyed colorless.
<!>[Entering 'Snowfield'.]
<!>[There is a lack of probability for 'Snowfield' to continue.]
<!>['Snowfield' does not function smoothly in this area.]
<!>['Snowfield' will end soon.]
If 'Snowfield' was activated regardless of my will, there is only one reason.
A decisive event in this 'worldline' is about to happen right before my eyes.
I immediately looked up at the sky and saw a pitch-black lightning bolt flowing out of the 'Great Hall' just before it closed.
It was clear who the lightning bolt was targeting. Han Sooyoung opened her eyes wide. I had no time to think or write a sentence.
<!>['Snowfield' ends.]
I almost instinctively flew toward Han Sooyoung.
Following that, a massive torrent poured down from the sky, piercing through the outer wall of the base and exploding into the room. Darkness fell upon the world.
***
In the strange darkness, I could hear mutterings.
"This guy is that guy's avatar?"
"The stories said so."
"That's why he faints in a similar way."
…
"Get out of the way, I need to give him medicine."
"Medicine?"
"It's a new medicine made by stories."
"Oh, what is it? It's so luxurious.
"They say it tastes like lemon candy."
"Can I have one too?"
"Kim Namwoon, do you really want to lose?"
…
"This kid doesn't get up easily. Is his injury serious?"
"He got hit directly by the Chaos Wave."
"What's a direct hit? It must've just grazed."
"Even if it grazed, it's enough power to annihilate a mediocre Constellation."
"How did this guy endure that?"
"I don't know. Anyway, the Captain survived thanks to this ahjussi."
"Damn, I should have been next to the Captain!"
I tried to catch my breath and roll over several times. After about an hour or two, I gradually regained my senses.
<!>[The story, 'One Who Rewrites Fate', continues its storytelling.]
<!>[The exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall', is activated.]
I slowly opened my eyes, and the first thing I saw was Lee Jihye's pale face.
"Oh, his eyes are open."
***
The one who supported me, who still couldn't move my hands and feet, and put me in the wheelchair was Kim Namwoon.
"Hey, just lie down."
Kim Namwoon put me in the wheelchair with a look that seemed to be annoyed, and he roughly fixed my hair.
"Good, now you look like a person."
I saw myself in the mirror with the same hair as Kim Namwoon. Kim Namwoon asked with a satisfied smile.
"Can you speak?"
I moved my neck and nodded. Although the base of my tongue was a bit numb, I was able to communicate.
What on earth happened?
The next thing that came to mind was the memory of the pitch-black lightning that broke through the outer wall of the building and flew in.
I instinctively looked out the window. The weather was surprisingly clear. I couldn’t even see the swirling 'Great Hall'.
Did the Outer God retreat?
Perhaps the lightning that was shot at us was the Outer God’s last struggle.
Then did Han Sooyoung succeed?
Kim Namwoon, who was watching me, waved his hand in front of my eyes and added.
"Are you crazy, sir? It’s been two days since you woke up. I’m in charge today, so if you need anything, just ask me."
"…"
"You took the medicine that Seolhwa-noona gave you, so you should be fully recovered by today at the latest."
At the last moment, I was struck by lightning from an outside source.
No matter how much I had immunity to the 'Divine Status of the Other World', I couldn't avoid being fatally injured if I was exposed to such a high-level being.
If it was a medicine that could fully recover me from such serious injuries in two days... then it must be the 'Life and Death Pill'.
"...Do you understand? So, until then, just be quiet."
A sharp but worried tone. I willingly bowed my head to show my respect.
"Thank you."
Kim Namwoon pretended to be surprised by my greeting, but soon laughed mischievously.
"Heh heh, how can you thank me for something like this?"
<&>「What a polite ahjussi.」
I suddenly wondered why I could hear this kid's inner thoughts.
<!>[Your understanding of the character, 'Kim Namwoon', increases.]
<!>[The exclusive skill, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint', is activated.]
The skill was also activated on its own.
Why did this happen often after I collected a fair amount of 'Kim Dokja fragments'?
<&>「Heh heh. It's been a long time since I've heard a thank you.」
I heard it unintentionally, but I felt a little sorry for him.
I wonder if no one in this world says thank you to Kim Namwoon.
Kim Namwoon pushed the wheelchair from behind and asked.
"I heard you’re an avatar of that guy. Is that right?"
If you say 'that guy', you must mean 'Kim Dokja'.
I didn't have the confidence to explain the complicated situation to Kim Namwoon, so I just nodded.
"But you're so polite? That guy himself was a bit rude."
Come to think of it, Kim Namwoon was bullied quite a bit by Kim Dokja back then.
Kim Namwoon also kept twitching his lips as if he was recalling that memory.
While passing through the hallway in a short silence, I observed the exterior of the base seen through the window. Then I realized something and opened my mouth.
"Didn't you say that I fainted two days ago?"
"I did."
"Has the base already been restored?"
If I remember correctly, the Gwanghwamun area, including the base, was hit directly by the 'Divine Power of the Other World' and was half destroyed.
However, the scenery of Gwanghwamun seen from outside was surprisingly clean and organized.
"Of course. Our corporation's restoration system is truly the best in the <Star Stream>."
Kim Namwoon said proudly.
"Have you heard of Story Metal? We covered the outer walls of our base with it."
Story Metal.
I couldn't even guess how much astronomical coins it would take to invest to do something like that.
The restoration was still in its final stages, and I could see the incarnations attached to the wall by the window, checking the bonding of Story Metal.
Interestingly, their nationality did not seem to be Korean.
I suddenly thought of the incarnations of Zarathustra I had met in Las Vegas.
"Are they by any chance the craftsmen of 'Zarathustra'?"
"You have quite the eye for it? Yes. After Zarathustra was disbanded, those who had nowhere to go came under our care."
My heart sank for no reason.
I see. Anna Croft of the 1,863rd Round died.
When I thought about it, it was obvious. This was the Last Scenario. Most of the incarnations I know are probably not alive.
Suddenly, the face of Kim Anna-ssi of the 41st Round flashed through my mind.
"Okay, that's the restaurant. Let's eat breakfast first."
I hadn't been up for long, so I wasn't feeling very hungry, but it wouldn't have been polite to ignore the kindness of having brought me here.
I thought I could just eat quietly and leave, but Kim Namwoon, who was pushing the wheelchair, shouted loudly.
"Okay, everyone, get out of the way! His Majesty is coming!"
The people inside the restaurant all turned to look at me.
"Oh, that guy..."
"Is that him?"
There were murmurs from all around.
Kim Namwoon waved his hand around the restaurant, seeming pleased with the attention. Then he pushed my wheelchair to the edge of the wide table and sat down across from me.
"So, what do you want to eat?"
Kim Namwoon handed me the menu. After looking at it, I asked in a suspicious voice.
"Are these dishes really available?"
"Why? Are you surprised?"
Instead of answering, I looked at the food names on the menu once more.
+
—Death Devil Tteokbokki (Level 0/Level 1/Level 2/Level 3 (for large intestine only))
—Kimchi fried rice from the ruined lodge (adjustable spiciness)
—Sundae soup from the valley of dawn (mild/spicy)
…
+
There were at least thirty menu items.
In a world where everything is ruined, how can we still eat this many different foods?
I thought about it for a moment and chose the one that seemed the safest.
"I'll take this."
+
—Shy Man's Omelette Rice (optional: demi-glace/ketchup)
+
Kim Namwoon checked the menu I chose.
And then he muttered.
"Hmm, that's a choice like a handsome man."
I got a little angry, but tried not to show it. Kim Namwoon added with a chuckle.
"Just kidding. Actually, I sometimes eat it when I fight with Jihye."
The food came out quickly.
Kim Namwoon had sundae gukbap. I had omelet rice. After exchanging brief glances, we immediately took our spoons to our rice.
It was a proper meal for the first time in a while. Actually, I didn't expect much from the taste. After all, Yoo Joonghyuk is no longer in this world.
But.
"Huh."
I took a spoonful, then another. When I came to my senses, I had already taken five or six spoonfuls in an instant.
I can't say that my taste buds are sophisticated, but I've even tried Yoo Joonghyuk's cooking. At least I can tell the difference between delicious and tasteless food.
"It's delicious, right?"
I couldn't refute Kim Namwoon's words, which was frustrating.
"Of course. The chef here was brought from the Demon World."
Demon World. I understood many things belatedly. Was that why the names of the foods were all strange?
"Is it the 73rd Demon World? Anyway, it was in that area."
I also knew the chef's name.
<&>「Revolutionary Knight, Marc Xavier.」
The bodyguard of the Demon World who had carried out the 'Revolutionary Scenario' with Kim Dokja.
When I raised my head, I saw Marc carrying plates from afar. As I watched his expression as he wiped away sweat with a bright face, I realized once again that this world was approaching its final destination.
A base made of Story Metal, talents gathered from various regions. And even a great nebula weapon using the 'Final Dragon of the Apocalypse'.
Even after Kim Dokja left, Han Sooyoung continued to work hard on the scenarios.
She had been desperately struggling to create a complete ending by utilizing every sentence remaining in this world. Perhaps, even though she knew that the world she had created would never be read, she did not give up on the ending of this world in order to keep her promise to just one person.
"Kim Dokja."
Someone poked my shoulder. When I turned around, Han Sooyoung was standing there. I looked up at her, and then suddenly realized something and asked back.
"What did you just say?"
Han Sooyoung looked down at me for a moment, then turned her head and said.
"If you're done eating, come with me. I have something to tell you."
