<title>884 Episode 48 Avatar (7)
During the short banquet, Han Sooyoung introduced me to the people.
"He's my friend."
I didn't know she would introduce me like that, so I blankly looked up at Han Sooyoung. The people listening to the story also looked perplexed.
Some people were surprised, asking if the captain had a friend, while others nodded their heads, saying that they could trust the captain's friend.
Han Sooyoung laughed as if she found those people's reactions funny and added,
"I'm joking. In fact, this guy is a messenger from another worldline. He came to help our world before the final scenario. Don't ignore him and treat him well."
It was an explanation that lacked some important details. I wondered if people would be convinced by that, but surprisingly, the response was not bad.
"If he came to help, then he's welcome."
"If the captain brought him here, I think there must be a reason."
Even the constellations agreed.
<!>[The constellation, 'Maritime War God', nods his head.]
<!>[The constellation, 'Bald General of Justice', says, 'If that's the case, then I can believe it.']
However, it wasn't because my existence was probable, but because of Han Sooyoung's overwhelming charisma.
To be honest, the people here would believe Han Sooyoung's words even if she made a life-and-death ring out of stones.
"Han Sooyoung! Han Sooyoung!"
Everyone who survived until the last scenario was calling her name.
Even though they were just calling her name and hearing her name, I somehow felt like I knew what kind of story she had been through.
Even if all of this was an elaborate production for a 'false ending,' it was a scene that made me think that I would gladly be fooled by this kind of production.
"Kim Dokja!"
And then, from somewhere, someone else appeared calling my name.
"You're handsome!"
Only after hearing those words did I understand why Han Sooyoung had Lee Seolhwa dress me up.
<!>[A new scenario has arrived!]
That's when the scenario alarm came up.
The scenario was the minimum justification for me to exist in this world.
It was proof that the direction she had built up had been recognized by the dokkaebis and constellations.
I immediately checked the scenario content.
+
<Sub-scenario - Uninvited Guest>
Category: Sub
Difficulty: ???
Clear Conditions: Solve the problem of the relevant worldline and find a way to return to the worldline you belong to.
Time limit: 30 days
Reward: ???
Failure: Disappearance of the incarnation body.
+
A sub-scenario, not the main scenario.
After all, I didn't perform the main scenario in this world from the beginning, so I guess I'm not given the right to the 'last scenario'.
By the way, the assignment content was a bit strange.
'Solve the problem of the relevant worldline and find a way to return to the original worldline?'
Even if I can go back, what's wrong with this worldline? No matter how much I look around, I don't feel like there's any particular problem. The subtitle of the scenario was 'Uninvited Guest', which also bothered me. What on earth was the management office thinking when they came up with this scenario?
Whether or not she knew my thoughts, Han Sooyoung waved her hand at the people and muttered.
"If you're going to stay here from now on, it'd be good to get to know the people."
"..."
"That guy left without any feelings, but I'm saying this because I think you're different."
"What you said earlier."
In fact, throughout the banquet, Han Sooyoung's words were lingering in a corner of my head.
<&>「"This time, let's see the end of this world together."」
Han Sooyoung shook her head as if she knew what I was going to say.
"Don't take it to heart. It's just something I said."
"Oh, really?"
"But if you stay here for a week, you'll probably just want to sit down."
I could sense a strange sense of confidence in her voice.
"I don't know which scenario your worldline is in, but... It won't be easy to go back after playing through scenario number 99 with a max level character."
"I'm not a max level character."
"Anyway."
"And this isn't my first time coming to scenario number 99."
"What?"
I've already performed Cheon Inho's 40th round through the 'Time Fault'.
In that 40th round, I definitely performed the 'Last Scenario'. Even if it was a re-experience.
"Is your worldline also scenario number 99?"
"That's not it."
"Then?"
"I can't tell you the details."
Han Sooyoung looked at me with a strange expression and pursed her lips.
"But isn't this place more fun? It's not like all scenario 99 are the same."
That's right. Han Sooyoung's 1,863rd round was definitely different from Cheon Inho's 40th round.
Unlike Cheon Inho, she had many colleagues.
"And in the worldline you came from, there's no 'me' either?"
My heart prickled at those words.
"Yes. There isn't anymore."
"Then there's no one waiting for you."
"I don't know why you're so sure, but I have people waiting for me too."
"Really? How many of them?"
I pictured the faces of the readers in my head. Dansu ahjussi, Kyung Sein, Cha Sungwoo, Cha Yerin, Ye Hyunwoo. And Ji Eunyu…
Then, for a moment, a strange thought occurred to me.
Are they really waiting for me?
<&>「They needed 'Kim Dokja' more than anyone else.」
But could I be a 'Kim Dokja' enough for them?
Han Sooyoung added a word as if driving a nail into that question.
"Are you really what those people need?"
Han Sooyoung’s expression was triumphant, as if she had read the history of my life.
Instead of resisting that triumph, I asked this.
"Why do you want me to be here?"
Han Sooyoung didn’t answer right away, but looked up at the distant night sky and said after a short pause.
"You said it. You'll help me get over the 'Final Wall'?"
The Final Wall.
Beyond that distant night sky, there is definitely the last gate that Han Sooyoung must overcome.
"Am I really the one you need?"
The few remaining starlights were shining on us. The light was so dim that Han Sooyoung's expression was obscured by the darkness and could not be seen clearly.
***
The next morning, Kim Namwoon woke me up.
"The captain said to take you with me. Can you walk now?"
I nodded.
The effectiveness of the Life and Death Ring was certainly different. The lower half of my body, which had not listened to me until yesterday, felt light today as if it had been reborn.
"No problem."
"Then follow me."
Kim Namwoon left those words behind and walked ahead.
"Is there anything I need to do?"
"Well, there's nothing in particular."
I wondered why it was Kim Namwoon among all the people, but upon closer inspection, he seemed to be the most idle person in the base.
"The captain just told me to show you some people and introduce you to the work."
"What about Han Sooyoung?"
"The captain is always busy."
Well, leading this kind of force would require a lot of work to be done from the morning. Unlike the relatively small <Kim Dokja Company>, <Han Sooyoung Corporation> really seemed to have a lot of employees.
Kim Namwoon walked around the base with an annoyed expression and introduced me to the facilities.
"This is a bathroom for executives only, and over there is a PC room that Jihye often goes to."
"Is there a PC room?"
"Of course. It's a computer made with magic engineering, so it doesn't run the latest games. Anyway, the facility down there is a billiard hall that Jihye sometimes goes to, and over there is a library that Jihye hates..."
Something about the explanation is tilted toward the person who has already explained it.
"Damn, I feel like I'm a game NPC right now. Do you know about NPCs, sir?"
"I do."
"Oh, do you like games?"
As if he thought he had found something in common, Kim Namwoon started talking about the games he liked for a while. I suddenly remembered that Kim Namwoon was a high school student.
"Ahem, I'm the only one talking too much, sorry."
"It's okay."
"Jihye doesn't like talking like this."
I watched Kim Namwoon scratching his head with a slightly sad heart.
Is it because of Han Sooyoung that the delusional demon Kim Namwoon has changed like this, or is it because of the environment of the 1,863rd round?
"But now that I'm looking at you, sir, I understand why the captain told me to bring you around."
"...?"
"You look depressed."
I was momentarily speechless at the unexpected insight.
I look depressed.
When I looked at the expression reflected in the passing window, I really did look a little depressed.
If I were to look for a reason, I could find one. But I didn't want to think about it.
Looking back, not a single thing has gone as planned since I was reincarnated into this world. It was the same at the Recycling Center and in the Fear Realm.
That's how I arrived at the 1,863rd round.
For some reason, Han Sooyoung left me in Kim Namwoon's hands, and I was thrown into the last scenario of an unfamiliar worldline, listening to Kim Namwoon talk about games.
I turned my smartphone off and on several times, thinking that if I said something to someone, things would get better, but I couldn't contact my eldest brother.
In fact, it would be a problem even if I had contacted him.
As you can see, I must have heard that reading 'Ways of Survival' would make things better.
"I've been like that before, too. I’ve overcome it all now, but cheer up. Everyone has difficult times."
"Yes."
That’s comforting.
I replied casually and looked out the window at the scenery of Gwanghwamun.
It’s just as Han Sooyoung said.
Even though it’s the same scenario 99, the scenery of the world is so different.
Even in a world without Kim Dokja, people can 'get close to the ending'.
I wonder if everyone is doing well.
Do Yoo Joonghyuk and other readers remember me? How much time has passed there? What happened to Ji Eunyu and Heewon-ssi?
Was it because the sunset reflected on the window was so beautiful, or was it because the expressions of the people looking at the sunset were so warm?
I thought about that for a moment.
<&>「Am I still a valid person in this story?」
That’s when I heard a loud thud from inside the base.
I turned my head wondering what had happened, and Kim Namwoon shook my shoulder as if it was nothing. He shrugged.
"I guess it's almost training time."
Training time?
Kim Namwoon guided me to the underground training grounds as if to resolve my doubts.
At the entrance to the training grounds, several incarnations were gathered here and there, looking at a huge screen.
There happened to be a familiar figure in front of the screen.
"Are you here?"
"Yes, Jihye."
"I told you not to greet me like that."
"Sorry."
I looked up at the screen together from behind the two of them. The man on the screen was a person I knew well.
"Oh, what. Is Hyunsung-ssi in good condition today?"
As expected from the last scenario, Lee Hyunsung, who boasted vicious latissimus dorsi and serratus anterior, was swinging his fists with his upper body exposed.
"The captain made it. It's a kind of grand battle simulation based on a legend from the past."
The background was a dry desert. Every time Lee Hyunsung moved his fist, huge craters appeared all over the desert.
Is it [Mt. Taesun Smash]? If it's like that, it could really destroy a mountain, just like its name suggests.
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
It seems that was the source of the loud noise I've been hearing since a while ago.
"After entering, if you choose a specific legend, you can fight the character in the legend."
I roughly understood the system.
Anyway, if they're going to face Lee Hyunsung who's gotten that strong, the enemy in the simulation must be amazing.
A delicate and beautiful sword fight that occasionally appeared through the sandstorm. The fist and the blade crossed, and an ecstatic storm of legends rose.
Is the opponent a constellation?
What if that constellation is that good at swordsmanship?
A loud noise as if the sky was breaking rang out every time the sword fight flashed in the hazy sky.
Wait a minute, no way.
When I saw the black coat fluttering in the thick dust, I realized how the characters in this worldline could become so strong.
Some stories remain in people's hearts like shadows even after they reach their conclusion and do not disappear.
"I wonder if Hyunsung ahjussi can win this time."
On the screen, Lee Hyunsung and Yoo Joonghyuk from the 1,863rd round were fighting.
