<title>887 Episode 48 Avatar (10)
"Sooyoung-ssi will be resting for a while. She hasn’t recovered from the aftereffects of using the power of the 'Apocalypse Dragon' last time-"
I know. Of course. But that's not what I was curious about.
"Let me ask again."
"..."
"Where is the 'real Han Sooyoung' right now?"
The real Han Sooyoung.
Lee Seolhwa glared at me with her eyes wide open.
"You..."
I felt a fierce energy for a moment.
Lee Hyunsung, who had finished cleaning up the dead constellations in the front, was approaching me.
"What's going on?"
Lee Hyunsung's expression was cold as he looked at me, as if he had been watching me the whole time. A threatening fighting spirit flowed out of his body, as if he would rush at me at any moment.
Lee Jihye, who had finished organizing the right front, joined us soon after.
"Ahjussi! I've taken care of this side too! What's going on, why is the atmosphere like this?"
Did she sense the strange air flowing around her? Lee Jihye looked at me and Lee Hyunsung with tense eyes.
Lee Seolhwa sighed deeply and opened her mouth.
"Dokja-ssi wants to meet the 'real' captain."
Then Lee Hyunsung blocked my path and said.
"The captain is not feeling well right now."
"It will only take a moment."
"The captain is not the kind of person you can meet whenever you want."
I compared the Lee Hyunsung of the 1,863rd round I had read with the Lee Hyunsung in front of me. Lee Hyunsung was originally a person with strong loyalty, but this was too much. However, if I was going to back down here, I wouldn't have even brought it up in the first place.
"What exactly is wrong with her? I might be able to fix it."
Rain fell from the sky. It was so cold that it felt like snow. The raindrops fell directly on me and the group's heads.
I could see Kim Namwoon approaching from afar, stealthily keeping an eye on me.
"Kim Namwoon, take Dokja-ssi inside."
"Huh? Huh?"
Kim Namwoon, surprised by Lee Hyunsung's strong tone, grabbed my arm and pulled me.
"Ahjussi, I don't know what's going on, but let's go inside. Okay, everyone, get out of the way!"
I shook off Kim Namwoon's hand and said.
"Let's get rid of it. How long do you plan on continuing this 'direction'?"
I looked around at the sky and shouted.
"Han Sooyoung! I know you're listening!"
The moment Lee Hyunsung frowned and took a step toward me.
"There are still two left!"
Shin Yoosoung shouted while operating the 'Chimera Dragon' in the air.
"Over there, over there!"
Two tall buildings located across from the base. A dreary story was blooming on the top of each building. On the railing of the roof, two incarnations of young women stood precariously, and their appearances were ominous at first glance.
Threateningly long, torn mouths.
The women, who looked as gaunt as zombies, looked at each other and opened their mouths at the same time.
Aaaahhhhhhh—
The first to show an abnormal reaction were the incarnations at the front. With a thud, they dropped their weapons and stared blankly at the sky.
Some of them grabbed their own faces or grabbed their chests.
Aaaahhhhhh—
My heart grew cold. The identity of the 'star dregs' inhabiting those female bodies was clear.
The group in the back, who had come to their senses late, shouted.
"It's a siren!"
A siren. One of the monsters of Greek and Roman mythology.
The stars of the damned <Olympus> had summoned even the monsters that were comparable to constellations of fairy tales.
"Everyone, cover your ears!"
Even though Lee Seolhwa shouted, most of the incarnations were already entranced by the Siren's song.
I recalled the 'Siren Countermeasure' from 'Ways of Survival' in my head.
<&>「Despite its high notoriety, the 'Siren' countermeasure is very simple. First, cover your ears. If you have the [Sound Blocking] skill, the Siren's song is not a threat at all.」
However, it seemed that there were no incarnations around that could use [Sound Blocking].
<&>「Even if you don't have [Sound Blocking], there's no need to panic. If you have a high-grade [Mental Barrier], you can sufficiently resist the Siren's song heard from a distance.」
<!>[Exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall', activates!]
<@>[Fourth Wall activated as if it had been waiting for it. Fortunately, if you have a high-level mental barrier skill like me, the Siren's story is hardly a threat. The problem was that such advanced skills would not be easily distributed to ordinary incarnations.]
Even with a mental barrier, it was not 100% safe.
<&>「However, there are reports that incarnations with particularly high sensitivity are more sensitive to the Siren's Song.」
The new form of the 'Chimera Dragon' that covered the sky was shaking dangerously. Lee Jihye noticed this and shouted.
"Shin Yoosooung!"
The Chimera Dragon that had been flying in the air suddenly lost its direction and began to fall. The dragon's gigantic body fell to the ground with a loud noise.
"Ah..."
A faint groan could be heard in the thick dust.
"Th, thank you."
Shin Yoosoung stuttered as she was held in my arms while I activated [Way of the Wind]. She looked up at me with her eyes wide open in surprise and asked.
"But... I think something similar happened before..."
I put Shin Yoosoung down on the ground. Perhaps she remembered Kim Dokja who visited two years ago.
"Please rest."
It was a grateful thing, but right now, dealing with the sirens came first.
There were two sirens on the rooftop of the building.
I quickly checked the status of the group. Right now, excluding me, there were only two people in the group who had resistance to the siren's voice.
One was Lee Hyunsung, the Steel Sword Emoeror. However, Lee Hyunsung was slow. Then.
"Kim Namwoon!"
I shouted at Kim Namwoon.
"Please take care of the siren on the right!"
Kim Namwoon, who suddenly came to his senses, nodded at me.
"Okay, leave it to me!"
As soon as he answered, I started running toward the siren on the rooftop of the building on the left.
Ooooooooh—
The closer the listening distance of the siren's song, the more mental burden on the target increases.
But I wasn't worried.
I had [Fourth Wall], and Kim Namwoon—
"Euhahahaha!"
Even if he didn't listen to that song, he was already crazy.
<&>「The delusional demon is resistant to one-dimensional 'mental attacks'.」
His exclusive trait, 'Middle School Syndrome', has probably evolved into 'the Ultimate Delusionist' by now.
"It's nice to listen to!"
To Kim Namwoon, who reinterprets all information in reality with his own 'delusion filter', the siren's song posed no threat at all.
Scream!
In an instant, Kim Namwoon climbed the wall and cut off the first siren's neck.
I also activated [Way of the Wind] and reached the second siren's eyes.
The siren's eyes widened. The 'Blade of Faith' scattered its magic power, and the siren, sensing danger, raised her voice for the last time almost at the same time.
Aaaahhhh—
The moment the siren's head hit the ground, the guy's last song engulfed the entire area. Even I, who had [Fourth Wall], felt the illusion that the floor was rippling like water for a moment.
A strong urge to throw myself below deck.
The head of the siren rolling on the floor was laughing.
I reflexively looked back and saw the patients sticking their heads out the windows of the base. As if possessed by something, the patients were hanging on the windows one by one. People who were laughing and giggling stretched their legs toward the empty space. The horrifying scene that would unfold in the next moment was vivid in my eyes.
Falling. All those incarnations will fall at once.
For a moment, I felt time slow down, and my brain circuits accelerated.
"Everyone—"
I activated the skill that I was best at using as the story moved and the probability was charged.
"—Stop!"
<!>[Exclusive skill, 'Incite Lv.???', is activated!]
As if a huge rock had fallen on the water, the entire area was engulfed in a silent spray. I felt Kim Namwoon and the others looking back with surprised faces. And.
"What, what is it?"
"Huh? Huhuhuh—"
"What the hell… what happened?"
The people who had stretched their legs under the railing of the building were screaming and falling down one by one.
"What the heck, ahjussi. If you could have used something like this, you should have used it sooner!"
Kim Namwoon, who had come running while making a thud thud sound, patted my back painfully.
But I couldn't smile back at him.
I slid down the building and ran toward the headquarters. Neither Lee Hyunsung, Lee Seolhwa, nor Lee Jihye stopped me. They knew where I was going.
At the end of my gaze, there was an incarnation that had fallen to the ground.
"Dokja-ssi."
Even though I used [Incite], I couldn't protect everyone. The incarnation that had been entranced by the Siren's song and thrown itself to the ground was there. A man who hit his head on the floor and died.
I stood still and watched the man’s end. It was a character I didn’t know.
"Kim Dokja-ssi."
I heard Lee Hyunsung’s voice calling me, and placed my hand on the dead man’s head. There was no blood flowing anywhere. Only the rampant stories he had been holding lingered like an aftertaste.
I felt Lee Hyunsung’s strong grip on my shoulder.
"Calm down."
I slowly got up from my seat and looked back at Lee Hyunsung. Lee Hyunsung added with a blunt face.
"No one is dead."
"No one is dead?"
"Yes."
With those words, the dead man’s incarnation body magically disappeared. And the next moment, someone opened the main gate of the headquarters and appeared.
"Haam… Heeeeek! Th, what is this! What happened?"
The man who was making a fuss while wearing a torn hospital gown was the man who had just disappeared before my eyes.
I stared at the man with a blank expression, then slowly opened my mouth.
"I see. No one died."
I felt like laughing.
Despite the fierce battle against such powerful enemies, not a single person died.
<&>「That's how Han Sooyoung created 'the one and only perfect world'.」
A world where no one can see the end without dying.
I couldn't figure out whether Han Sooyoung, who created this world, had gone crazy, or whether the <Star Stream>, which had encouraged Han Sooyoung to create this world, had gone crazy, or whether I was crazy for accepting this world as crazy.
Since I couldn't figure it out, I laughed like a crazy person. I laughed alone in a scenery where no one was laughing. Then, I suddenly stopped laughing and said,
"But it seems like no one is alive."
I couldn't believe those words came out of my mouth.
Do avatars Exist?
Isn't it? If the avatar commits suicide, is it suicide or not? If the avatar dies, is it death or not?
The avatar, I.
"Kim Dokja. You are not a human in this world."
The moment I thought about it that far, I thought I knew why I was so angry.
"Whatever happens here is none of your business."
"Lee Hyunsung, is that your idea? Or..."
Watching Lee Hyunsung slowly clenching his fist, I bit my lip as I asked.
"Is it the idea of ​​'Han Sooyoung' who created you?"
