<title>904 Episode 50 The World After The End (7)
"Demon King?"
The judge's expression was expressed by Jo Jincheol's one word.
"Jo daehyeop! What do you mean, Demon King?"
"With your tongue... you fooled people?"
"Tongue, with his tongue? Is there a Demon King related to the tongue?"
As the incarnations in the audience began to get curious one by one, Jo Jincheol's mouth continued to move.
"...A new world requires new laws."
Huh?
"I'll knock you all out of that damn sky!"
Huh?
"... I have my own life?"
Wait a minute. Is this kid reading the original story?
"What the hell are you talking about, Jo daehyeop. What kind of being is this newbie?"
Jo Jincheol answered in a deep breath.
"Amazing. I think I only have a few stories of great-grade, but if there is a person who has this kind of story, then he might be the talent our ancestors were looking for."
"If it's our ancestors..."
"The great master of <Black Cloud>!"
"Whoa!"
Looking at the examiner who fell over in surprise, I briefly wondered if this might be some kind of surprise newcomer party.
"On the planet I lived on, there were guys with a trait called 'middle school syndrome'. A devilish talent that pushed their delusions to the limit and eventually made them a reality..."
As I listened to the story, I vaguely thought I knew what Jo Jincheol had seen in me.
<&>「"Most constellations that see you will probably experience cognitive dissonance. It will be hard to accept that someone who is neither a constellation nor a transcendental constellation has such a strangely great status.」
If they acknowledge you, the constellations will have to accept that an incarnation that is nothing is stronger than them.
So ordinary constellations will not be able to face your existence and will only read fragments of distorted stories."」
Is that why she was curious about what other constellations would see in me?
I was about to tell them that it was a complete misunderstanding, but Jo Jincheol, whose eyes had changed, shouted at me excitedly.
"Come to our <Black Cloud Foundation>. With your talent, I can contact the foundation's main server right now and help you download [Black Flame Sky Dance]."
Black Flame Sky Dance. It's a martial art that I don't want to learn just by hearing its name.
But the others seemed to have different thoughts.
"The <Black Cloud Foundation> made the first offer to recruit him?"
"Black Flame Sky! Oh my goodness. Isn't that the unique martial arts of the <Black Cloud Foundation> executives?"
"He's a really enviable new recruit."
The situation was taking a strange turn.
The examiner lightly tapped my shoulder and said.
"You're really lucky. Judging from your expression, I don't think you understand what's going on yet, but this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity."
"..."
"Black Cloud Foundation is one of the 'big corporations in the New Murim District. If you can ascend through that company, your future will be..."
I was about to say that it didn't seem like a very positive future, but then I heard the people around me talking.
"Damn, another parachute has appeared. You damned constellation-spooners."
"I'm jealous, though."
The expressions were filled with envy and jealousy.
Listening to the rumbling voices, my mood became complicated for no reason. Perhaps the possibility of incarnation is mostly determined by the first scenario, 'Proof of Value'.
The incarnations who survived until now without receiving proper sponsor selection still have to endure life waiting for the selection of the higher constellations.
"Damn it. If only I could go to a large company..."
In the main story, Kim Dokja became a constellation on his own without sponsor selection, but not everyone can take that path.
I was worried about my colleagues again. Even if it was true that Dansu ahjussi and Ji Eunyu-ssi were selected by narrative-grade constellations, what would have happened to the other colleagues who did not choose at the sponsor selection?
The examiner patted my shoulder again and said.
"...So, if you enter the Black Cloud Foundation and polish your stories for about ten years, you can become an ascendant like Jo daehyeop and become a dragon who assists the great Black Cloud Master. Do you know what kind of being the Black Cloud Master is?"
"I've heard of it."
"That's right. Haha, you can't help but know. He's closer to the 'Final Dragon of the Apocalypse' than any other existing dragon!"
In short, if you join there and suffer for ten years, you can become the Black Flame Dragon's footstool.
This human, if he knew that I was chosen by the 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' in the first scenario's sponsor selection, he'd probably faint.
I was about to express my intention to refuse without hesitation, but unfortunately someone interrupted me.
"Why are you having such a pleasant conversation without me?"
It was Paradise Emperor Reinheit.
Jo Jincheol, sensing something strange, quickly blocked his way and warned him.
"Paradise Emperor, it's not your place to interfere. Our Black Cloud Foundation has already decided to recruit this cute guy."
"I don't think you've heard that incarnation's opinion yet?"
"There's no need to listen! What kind of incarnation would dare to refuse to be recruited by the Foundation!"
"It seems you've already forgotten about the Gwanggeomje incident."
Jo Jincheol's expression hardened.
"Gwanggeomje! Why are you bringing up that crazy woman?"
"Even back then, didn't Jo daehyeop misread the story and recklessly try to recruit her, and the Foundation branch was almost destroyed?"
"You!"
"Please give me a chance too. Maybe he's a better fit for <Olympus Technology> than <Black Cloud Foundation>?"
Reinheit ignored the indignant Jo Jincheol and turned his ominous eyes toward me.
"Hmm..."
The guy unleashed the power of the constellation and began to read my stories. It was the exact method Jo Jincheol had used.
I wondered what kind of strange things I would hear this time.
"It's amazing. Even that 'Jehwayosung' wouldn't have been able to build such a noble story in a scenario of the same level…"
The examiner was surprised by Reinheit's words and asked again.
"Have you ever seen Jehwayosung?"
"I've seen them once from afar. They're as beautiful as the rumors say. I couldn't get close because of the tale of the Monkey King…"
The Monkey King?
It sounds like a story about someone I know.
"Anyway, it's been a long time since I've seen an incarnation come up here with such a clear soul."
At that moment, Reinheit's [Echo] came into my ear.
—Excuse me, which great demon king's retinue are you?
Hmm?
"He's the one who saved countless souls and built up good stories."
When I glared at him, he continued [Echo] with a deep smile.
—Although I can't read your essence, I can strongly sense the tale of 'hypocrisy' from you. Hoho, how many beings have you deceived?
Look at this kid?
"Unless you've received the grace of an archangel, it would be difficult to build such a good story…"
—With this level of sorcery, you must have deceived countless constellations to get here. Above all, your narrow eyes that even this power cannot see through…
The attendees of the ascension ceremony stirred once again.
"The grace of an archangel? Is he from <Eden>?"
"But <Eden> wouldn't have opened a branch in the 'New Murim District'—"
"You can only have an incarnation that has received grace. Either way, it's a great thing."
Before long, the whole place was filled with stories about me.
Taking advantage of the atmosphere, Reinheit made a suggestion.
"Come to our <Olympus Technology>."
—I don't know why you left the demon world and came here… but if a high-ranking demon lord's agent came here, it means there must be some unavoidable circumstance. <Olympus> can protect you. Even if you are being chased by <Eden>.
It seemed like he had a huge misunderstanding about me.
He must have judged me to be a high-ranking demon lord who was expelled from the demon world or something similar…
Thinking about it carefully, it was unfair that I couldn’t say it was a misunderstanding.
In the meantime, Jo Jincheol intervened again.
"What nonsense are you talking about, Reinheit! You said you only followed the goddess of beauty around, but now your eyes have become distorted. Archangel? A good story? Where can you read stories like that from this guy! This guy is a talent of the 'Black Cloud Foundation'! Hey, ignore that nonsense! I’ll write a letter of recommendation myself!"
"A-a letter of recommendation from an ascendant!"
I don’t know much about letters of recommendation, but it seems to be a great privilege here.
The examiner nodded happily as if he had read my expression and explained.
"You’re still a newbie, so you don’t know much, but if you get a letter of recommendation and join, you should be able to become eligible for Ascension in at least 5 years depending on your efforts. Even if you learn [Black Flame Spring]…!"
In short, it was a story that the time it would take to become the Black Flame Dragon’s footstool would be shortened from 10 years to 5 years.
What an incredible benefit.
I was about to readily express my intention to decline, but this time Reinheit intervened.
"If you join our <Olympus Technology>, we will put you on the Ascension Platform within 3 years."
"3 years! Oh my god!"
I smiled bitterly.
I don’t know for sure, but there must be a heated debate going on inside the [Fourth Wall] about 'Becoming an Olympus Slave vs. Becoming a Black Flame Dragon Footstool' right now.
"It doesn’t end here. If you become an Ascendant, I will personally recommend you as the incarnation of the 12 Gods of <Olympus>."
The room was filled with shock. Olympus's 12 Seats.
If I didn't know much about <Olympus>, it would have been a tempting suggestion.
"Oh my! Is the Paradise Emperor sincere?"
"If it's the Paradise Emperor, then it's possible. I heard that the Paradise Emperor was also selected as an incarnation candidate for one of the 12 Seats this time."
This time, I was a little surprised.
That Reinheit is the incarnation of one of the 12 Seats?
<!>[Exclusive skill, 'Fourth Wall', activates!]
I instinctively felt wary.
If Reinheit was a terminal incarnation directly connected to the <Olympus> 12 Seats, then this situation was dangerous.
<Olympus> had clashed with me several times in the 'Recycling Center' and the 'Fear Realm'. Even if it had been quite some time, if it was a 12 Seats-level, they might recognize my identity.
At that moment, the sky above the Ascension Platform was rippling ominously. Intermittent sparks began to flow around Reinheit's brainwashing window.
I quickly turned my hood over and asked.
"Excuse me, but I have a different company I would like to join."
The examiner, startled by my words, asked.
"Huh? What do you mean?"
I looked around the room. The incarnations gathered here were each wearing uniforms with different company symbols or names on them. However, no matter how much I searched, I couldn't find the company name I was looking for.
"You're crazy. You're looking for another company when you have the ascendants of <Black Cloud Foundation> and <Olympus Technology> right in front of you?"
"Are you a kid who still can't see?"
If I was going to be the Black Flame Dragon's footstool or the terminal incarnation of <Olympus> in the first place, I wouldn't have gone through all that trouble and come this far.
While everyone else was making expressions of bewilderment, only Reinheit was looking at me with profound eyes.
"Interesting. You rejected <Black Cloud Foundation> and <Olympus Technology> and chose the 'third option'? Somehow, a famous anecdote comes to mind."
"Heh heh. Keuhahahaha!"
Jo Jincheol burst into laughter as well. I wondered what was so funny about my answer. Then, Jo Jincheol stopped laughing for a moment and looked at me.
"You, do you think you can be a 'Kim Dokja'?"
