<title>905 Episode 50 The World After The End (8)
Kim Dokja.
I stopped for a moment at that unexpected name.
Why did that name come out of Jo Jincheol's mouth? Did the name 'Kim Dokja' become famous without me knowing?
Looking back, the identity of the 'Kim Dokja fragments' was revealed even among the general incarnations, so it wasn't strange that the name itself became known.
This is what's really strange.
<&>「How do the ascended ones know that 'Kim Dokja chooses the third option'?」
Of course, I've made similar choices a few times, but I don't think my story would have been known to people like that.
Then how do the two beings in front of me know that story?
No way...
"Haha, stop joking, Jo Daehyeop."
"Ah, that must have been too big of a 'name' for a newbie."
My heart sank.
Could it be that there was another being who impersonated 'Kim Dokja' while I was away?
"You never know. 'That' also suddenly appeared in the middle of the scenario, so this newbie might end up writing the same legend. In that sense…"
Reinheit, who was smiling brightly, added while pointing his finger into the distance.
"Kim Dokja's 'third option' is coming over there."
The third option.
The moment I turned around, Reinheit said.
"However, prospective Kim Dokja, I'm giving you some advice in advance. Your 'third option' will be the 'worst option' in this city at least."
I felt the air around the area change along with the eerie feeling. I could feel a strange master approaching from behind. The two ascenders in front of me were strong enough, but the being approaching me now was stronger than all of them combined. Even without any intention of hiding their momentum, the incarnations of the group complained of difficulty breathing as they approached.
Jo Jincheol frowned and pointed.
"I-I...!"
My instincts were warning me. It wasn't simply because the presence behind me was 'strong'.
Some kind of unpleasant sensation was spreading through my entire body.
Wait, could this story be...?
"Hahahaha! I finally found it!"
A voice that felt familiar madness.
The judge said. There were three ascenders today.
One was Jo Jincheol of <Black Cloud Foundation>, and the other was Reinheit of <Olympus Technology>.
And now, behind me, the third 'Ascendant' was standing.
"Supreme King! You're here!"
A cold hand wrapped around my shoulder.
I slowly turned around and saw the large <Tamra Heavy Industries> symbol drawn in front of him.
"I didn't expect to meet you here...! Huh? What is this?"
The eyes of the Ascendant who saw my face widened.
This is difficult. Who would have thought I would meet this guy here?
A beautiful face with a more neutral face than Reinheit. A legendary madman from <Star Stream> who only follows 'Yoo Joonghyuk' around all day long.
"What? Who are you...?"
The leader of the Salvation Church, Nirvana Mobius.
I lightly shook his hand off.
"I thought you passed away in Washington East, but you're still alive."
"Huh, do you think I'd die in a place like that?"
Well, Nirvana had an emergency escape device, the stigma [No Possession].
"No, but how do you know that I left? Were you the guy who was there?"
It seemed like Nirvana didn't remember my face. I started to be active in the Washington Dome after Nirvana collapsed.
"You, that squint... Are you 'that guy'? No, no, there’s no way he could have survived this Round? But this story…"
Nirvana’s eyes narrowed for a moment.
Maybe he read the tale of 'Cheon Inho'?
But if Anna Croft’s words were true, Nirvana had never met 'Cheon Inho' in the previous Round.
Nirvana’s eyes, which had been shining anxiously, quickly changed.
"Well, that’s okay. It doesn't matter who you are."
Nirvana, who was laughing, grabbed my shoulder once again.
"What matters is the 'story' you have."
Story?
I hurriedly looked back at the story fragment shining on my shoulder.
And only then did I understand what Nirvana was so excited about.
<!>[Story fragment 'Mad Soldier Yoo Joonghyuk' expresses his hatred towards the Reincarnater!]
Damn, I had this story fragment.
Nirvana, smiling brightly, shouted.
"Become one with this body!"
A spinning mandala appeared behind Nirvana.
"Kuaaaaak! The Ascendant has gone mad!"
"Everyone, get out of here!"
The incarnations who sensed the omen of the attack began to run away in terror.
"Oh, you're going to do something after all."
When Reinheit sighed as if he had expected this, the examiner shouted urgently.
"Start the Ascension Ceremony quickly! At this rate, that newbie will be eaten!"
"Ah, the heavens haven't opened yet. If the Orbital Elevator is to come down—"
It seems like it will take some time until the Ascension Ceremony.
That means I will have to see blood here in the end.
I nervously pulled up the stories all over my body, but unexpectedly, there was a strong ally blocking my way.
"Stop, Salvation Leader. I chose this newbie first."
Jo Jincheol, Blood Jade Sword Demon.
"Haven't you already become 'one' with enough incarnations? I can't even hand over this 'irregular' examinee to you."
And then Paradise Emperor Reinheit blocked me as if protecting me.
Honestly, I was touched.
I never thought I'd see three villains brawling over me.
<!>[An unnamed 'Recorder of Fear' shows interest.]
<!>[A small number of 'Recorders of Fear' show interest in the case.]
An indirect message from the 'Recorders of Fear' heard from the air.
Is it because I too am qualified to be a 'Recorder of Fear' that I can hear it so clearly?
Then can I say something like that? What kind of abilities can a 'Recorder of Fear' use?
"You're going to stop me? Who?"
The moment Nirvana smiled, the incarnations who had participated in the Ascension Ceremony collapsed, bleeding.
"You?"
Stories bloomed from his entire body.
Amazing.
I was amazed by the pure stories that Nirvana had built up.
That was truly pure 'level', comparable to the 'Narrative-grade Constellations'.
Early Narrative-grade... maybe closer to the middle stage.
Considering that he hadn't even properly brought up the sponsor synchronization, Nirvana's potential was truly amazing.
At this point, it would be strange that Cheon Inho didn't bring him in as a colleague in the 40th Round.
<!>[The sponsor of incarnation 'Nirvana Moebius' is staring at you.]
I shivered softly at the gaze I felt from a distant place.
The sponsor of Nirvana Moebius would naturally be 'that being'.
The owner of the 'Island of Reincarnations', the being who took on the role of the third protagonist in the main story.
"Ugh, you damn cult leader!"
He must have decided that he couldn't lose his momentum like this.
Jo Jincheol and Reinheit also began to raise their own status.
Kooooo!
First, bloody gauntlets appeared on Jo Jincheol's hands. Gauntlets that felt like the naturalization of a dark curse.
I thought I knew what those gauntlets were.
<&>「A sacred relic of the Demonic Cult that was created by slaughtering tens of thousands of incarnations and gathering the essence of their stories. Blood Jade Fist.」
One of the ten sacred relics of the <0th Murim>.
It seemed that Jo Jincheol had become the current owner of the Blood Jade Fist.
"Even if it were you, do you think you could handle the two of us at once?"
Reinheit also brought forward his own thunder spear.
"In the name of the Nebula <Olympus>, I will not tolerate your outrage."
In the name of the Nebula.
It meant that he would stake his reputation on the Nebula and share its fate.
No matter how much it was Nirvana, he would not want to turn his back on them. If things had been normal, this would have been the end of the situation.
However.
"The name of Olympus?"
Nirvana was not a normal person.
"The sky of the Ascension Platform has not even opened yet, do you think such boasting would work?"
Nirvana pointed to the sky of the Ascension Platform with a smug look and said.
"The Constellations of <Olympus> that you mentioned are probably busy worrying about the 'Giant Tale Scenario' that is happening in the upper regions. Do you think they would be concerned about the 70th scenario in the meantime?"
"You are right. But at least borrowing the power of one of the Twelve Gods—"
"Are you trying to compete with me and the power of my sponsor right now?"
The Sponsor of the Salvation Church leader Nirvana is the 'Guardian of Mandala'.
Although he is a being with several names like 'Jecheon Daeseong', his original status was almost as high as the 'Myth-grade Constellations'.
However, Reinheit did not back down.
"You are the same as me who cannot properly use the power of your sponsor."
"What?"
"Is there anyone who doesn't know that you are the son of Buddha?"
"A son who was given away. Well, I guess I'll have to show you what it's like to be a prodigal son."
"Reinheit! Avoid!"
But before the two could react, Nirvana's body moved.
<&>「Way of the Wind.」
As expected of Nirvana, who had been reincarnated as the Wolf of Immyutar, the wind that had reached the extreme realm was lingering on the tip of the guy's feet.
In an instant, the moment Nirvana's left hand, which had taken over Reinheit's back, moved, Jo Jincheol swung his fist.
"This damned bastard—!"
The Blood Jade Fist and Mandala clashed, causing a tremendous storm to blow across the area.
Jo Jincheol and Reinheit also began to draw out a huge amount of stories from behind, as if they hadn't come this far just for show.
"No matter how strong you are, fighting the two of us in close combat—"
But before the two stories could properly begin their conversation, there was a giant palm flying through the air.
Bam
The arm of [Thousand-Armed Avalokitesvara] that had leapt out of the air grabbed Jo Jincheol and Reinheit by the necks.
Nirvana grinned and said.
"When did I say I would fight with the likes of you?"
<!>[Incarnation 'Nirvana Mobius' activates '108 Torments Lv.???'!]
Nirvana's specialty, [108 Torments].
"Ku-kuaaaaaa!"
Bloody tears began to pour from Jo Jincheol's eyes. The highest-level mental skill, [108 Torments], had caused incredible confusion in his cognitive system.
Reinheit was also muttering the same words over and over again with empty pupils.
"Stories, my stories..."
The power to neutralize two incarnations that had reached the Narrative-grade in one breath.
Indeed, when he fought Yoo Joonghyuk before, he was at a disadvantage in terms of synergy and lost, but this was the real power of Nirvana.
"Kuhahahahaha! With such a foolish mentality, did you discuss the name of my sponsor in front of this body?"
Nirvana kicked the two Ascenders who were rolling around without coming to their senses.
"Die! Die! You guys!"
Despite the miserable appearance of the Ascenders rolling around helplessly, bleeding, no one stopped him. To be exact, they couldn't even approach him because of the difference in class.
This was the class of a being who had reached 'Narrative-grade' with the body of an incarnation.
I was the only one who was blankly staring at Nirvana.
"Oh, you still haven't run away?"
Nirvana, who seemed to have finished venting his anger, was looking at me, panting.
"So that means you want to become one with me too, right?"
I smiled as I watched Nirvana slowly approaching.
"Yes, I want to become one."
Nirvana looked a little flustered at my words.
"I-Is that so?"
"Yes."
"Ahahaha! Good! Then accept it!"
At the same time, Nirvana spread both arms wide.
<!>[Incarnation 'Nirvana Moebius' activates 'Thought Infection Lv.???'!]
Is this the [Thought Infection] I've only heard of?
A technique that makes the infected target lose their will, settle all their desires in the 'present', and force them to become a Salvationist who follows him.
I could feel the unpleasant thoughts the guy had eating away at my mind.
"Huh? What is it?"
And after a while, Nirvana's expression changed.
"Um, why are you doing that?"
"You, why..."
I smiled, pretending to be indifferent. Of course, since I have the [Fourth Wall], mental attacks like [Thought Infection] won’t work on me. Even so, he won’t be able to tell that I defended his mental attack with the [Fourth Wall].
Because...
<!>[Exclusive skill, Incite Lv.???' is activating!]
I’ve already [Incited] myself.
<&>「I’m already infected with 'Thought Infection'.」
I felt [Thought Infection] being recovered with a light spark before my eyes.
I blinked in ecstasy and muttered.
"This is the feeling of becoming one with a great being…"
"What?"
<!>[Exclusive skill, 'Incite Lv.???' is strengthening!]
"I can feel it. Your noble soul. Your path of building a bond with him in the great wheel of eternity, in order to become one with only one being…!"
"Uh, how could you—"
My [Incite] rarely works on high-ranking targets. Especially if they are powerful beings like Nirvana.
However, if the content is not that great, [Incite] is effective enough.
"I meet the 'Salvation Church Leader', who follows the shadow of the great dream."
Especially if they have a twisted mental system like Nirvana.
Nirvana, who was confused for a moment, nodded as if he finally understood the situation.
"Oh, I see. You were already infected? Now that I think about it, your eyes… are definitely like that! You were already seeing the present!"
<!>[The persuasive power of the exclusive skill, 'Incite Lv.???', increases dramatically!]
I don't know what or how he saw my eyes, but I pretended to spread my arms and shouted.
"Church Leader! The Supreme King is waiting for you!"
"Where! Where is Yoo Joonghyuk!"
"I don't know that either! Would you like to find out together now?"
"Good!"
Looking at Nirvana, who was so happy, I thought of Han Sooyoung's words.
<&>「"This is the best way to keep your 'strength' hidden without being noticed by the Constellations."」
It's to hide in the shadows of other strong beings and act.
<!>[The sponsor of incarnation 'Nirvana Möbius' reveals its own modifier.]
<!>[The Constellation, 'Guardian of the Mandala', looks at you with absurd eyes.]
Since it's come to this, why not ride the Reincarnator's bus this time?
