<title>911 Episode 51 8 years (3)
According to Namgung Myung, there were two main ways to obtain D-Coins in this scenario area.
One, obtain 'D-Coins' through the main or sub-scenarios that appear regularly.
Two, exchange 'D-Coins' for other items or stories through the 'Auction House'.
The first method could not be implemented immediately. So we chose the second method.
I headed to the 'Auction House' with Namgung Myung.
"There is another method besides this, but that is only possible for special people like you, Sein-nim..."
I felt like he was trying to hide the topic, so I didn't ask about it further. In fact, I could tell without asking.
<&>「Dokkaebi Yeonggi tried to take a part of 'Kyung Sein's' soul.」
Thinking about it that way, it made sense that Kyung Sein's soul had been damaged. Kyung Sein must have paid the price of her debt in a similar way several times. But when I realized that fact, there were things I didn’t understand.
"Gungmyung-ssi, do you know anything about Sein’s other colleagues?"
Kyung Sein said. The other colleagues were already moving towards the end in the upper scenario.
But did the colleagues I knew really agree to leave Kyung Sein here?
"I don’t know much about them either. I’m embarrassed to say, but I was infected by Outer Gods during the invasion of the Fear Realm and was bedridden for several years."
The time when Kyung Sein and her colleagues were active was already 7 or 8 years ago. Therefore, Namgung Myung said he knew almost nothing about the Ascendants of that time.
"When I regained consciousness, my family had already been completely ruined. Sein-nim was the one who took me in when I was living on the streets because I couldn’t adapt to the changed Murim."
“I see."
"Yes. However, I know about some Ascenders through rumors. For example, 'Flame Demon Emperor Star' who is protected by the Monkey King, and 'Black Wolf Cavalry' who carries the Archangel on his back are famous even outside of the New Murim District."
Flame Demon Emperor Star and Black Wolf Cavalry. Flame Demon Emperor Star is probably Ji Eunyu, and Black Wolf Cavalry is... Killer King?
I immediately tried 'Midday Tryst' on Ji Eunyu and Killer King.
<!>['Midday Tryst' cannot be connected!]
Is it because the scenario area is too far to reach? Or maybe since they are in a higher scenario, it is too busy to receive Midday Tryst.
"Benefactor, we have arrived."
The entrance to the auction house soon appeared. As I entered the entrance to the auction house, I could hear the hawkers' calls from all over the place.
"Old martial arts books for sale!"
"Old martial arts equipment for sale in bulk. Come take a look!"
Among the items being sold on the street, there were famous martial arts that were familiar just by their names.
—Sky-Sovereign Sword Art.
—Three-Heart Sword of the Holy War.
Honestly, I was surprised.
'Sky-Sovereign Sword Art' and 'Three-Heart Sword of the Holy War' were exclusive martial arts of the old Five Great Families, and even among the descendants, they were things that only the direct descendants could learn…
—10 D coins.
But those martial arts were being sold for a mere 10 D coins?
"I wouldn’t be honored to meet my ancestors if I came here."
Namgung Myung tried to avoid eye contact with a bitter look in his eyes. That would make sense, because the 'Sky-Sovereign Sword Art' currently being sold at the stall was the representative swordsmanship of the Namgung Family.
Since such a martial art was being sold for such a low price, Namgung Myung couldn’t be at ease.
The martial arts books weren’t the only items being sold cheaply at the stall.
—Heavenly Iron Cloud Gauntlet.
—Heavenly Silkworm Secret Robe.
Although it wasn't a 'Black Heavenly Sword' level item, it was a famous item in the old martial arts world.
—15 D Coins.
Those items were being sold at prices that even I would find ridiculous.
I don't know about other items, but 'Heavenly Iron Cloud Gauntlet' or 'Heavenly Silkworm Secret Robe' would be worth buying for 15 D Coins.
If you give it to a person who is good at martial arts like Yoo Joonghyuk or Yerin, it would be very useful.
"Benefactor, I'm telling you just in case, but I don't recommend buying items from the Old Martial Murim."
I didn't plan on buying them anyway since I didn't have many D Coins, but I was curious as to why he was telling me not to.
Namgung Myung continued to speak.
"Items from the Old Murim are worthless in this area. In the 'New Murim District', items strengthened with D Coins are more powerful."
Come to think of it, there were quite a few weapons with 'D' in their names at the examination table.
"Items strengthened with D Coins greatly increase durability and power, and also increase skill proficiency. There is even a story that an unknown longsword strengthened with D Coins is stronger than a famous sword from the Old Murim era."
According to Namgung Myung, items strengthened with D Coins can only be dealt with by items strengthened with D Coins.
After hearing this, I think I understand why D Coins are so highly regarded in the 'New Murim'.
"Is the reason you came here, Benefactor, to exchange items for D Coins?"
"Yes."
"Do you have any items strengthened with 'D Coins'?"
"No."
"Then it will be difficult to get a high price at the auction house."
As expected, it was a difficult situation.
A total of 100,000 D Coins are needed to cover the company's debt.
But the D Coins I currently have...
<!>[You received 5 D-Coins as a sub-scenario reward.]
That’s 25 in total.
I slowly looked around. As I looked, there were quite a few other martial artists in the auction house besides us.
I asked them while examining the symbols of their companies one by one.
"Are there any <Tamra Heavy Industries> people here?"
Namgung Myung, who didn’t understand the intention of the question, tilted his head and said.
"Huh? Of course, people from large companies do visit…"
"Then that 'supervisor' guy will come too."
The Monarch of Small Fries gave one D-Coin to a single hit. In that case, meeting that supervisor again and hitting him ninety-nine thousand, nine hundred and eighty times would be the fastest way to earn D-Coins for now.
Namgung Myung, who realized my intentions belatedly, said with a pale face.
"Benefactor, if you do that again, you'll be in real trouble. If you knew how scary <Tamra Heavy Industries> is a company..."
"Get out of the way!"
A group of incarnations pushed past Namgung Myung. Judging from the sinister aura flowing from their bodies, they were quite powerful.
Watching the martial artists of the area make their way, I checked the corporate symbols written on their backs.
—Vedass Biotech.
I wondered if there was anyone among them who had the 'Monarch of the Small Fries' as their sponsor. I watched their movements with some anticipation.
The group headed straight to the center of the auction house and soon stood in front of a machine that looked like a large scale. The scale had veins growing all over it and was writhing as if it were alive. It was an object reminiscent of the 'Fear' of the Fear Realm.
"Requesting an appraisal."
After a while, a screen that looked like a scoreboard appeared above the machine.
<!>[The item appraisal begins!]
I saw the crowd of people gathering one by one.
"Oh, it's a new auction item. Did you get it from this collection?"
"It looks like it's from Vedas."
I and Namgung Myung also stood among the crowd.
"What is that?"
"Ah, it's the 'appraisal scale', a famous item at the auction house. It's usually used by people who want to appraise newly acquired items."
"What they brought doesn't seem to be an item from the Old Martial Murim."
"Benefactor is right."
Following that, I saw the man who seemed to be the leader of the group take out something like a small accessory from his bosom.
"That's the most valuable item in the 'New Murim'—"
The moment I saw the story embedded in the accessory, I thought I knew what Namgung Myung was going to say.
"It's an accessory from the Fear Realm."
The bizarre power unique to the Fear Realm flowed out from the accessory.
Only then did I begin to understand many things.
"Was Gungmyung-ssi in the Fear Realm at that time?"
"Yes. I also participated in the collection to obtain the parts."
"Why do they value those parts?"
"I don't know much about it, but I heard that the parts from the Fear Realm are the 'source' for making 'D Coins'."
The source for making D Coins.
Is this why we could hardly find any fragments Outer Gods in the Fear Realm?
"Oh, the appraisal results..."
The grade indicators spun like a roulette before my eyes. After a moment, the confirmed grade appeared on the screen.
<!>[Natural Disaster Level.]
Cheering erupted from the area.
The incarnations of Vedas Biotech were seen nodding their heads with meaningful smiles.
"Oh my, a Natural isaster level?"
"Has there ever been a grade like that before?"
<!>[The appraisal results for that part are 3000 D Coins.]
3000 D Coins.
The crowd was shocked at the huge sum that could be obtained by hitting 3,000 Takkongs.
"A mere 3,000 D coins for a single piece of tooth…?"
"If it's a Natural Disaster, then is it a piece of the 'shark' tooth?"
"It's already been two years since the last time a Natural Disaster-level piece came out. Hehe, Vedas Biotech has a big deal."
Then, [This Week's Ranking] was displayed on the electronic board.
1st place. A piece of a Natural Disaster-level Outer God tooth, Vedas Biotech — 3,000 D coins.
The incarnations muttered in envious voices.
"This week's ranking reward is Vedas'."
"That's enough to catch the eyes of the recorders. It's like he's guaranteed a super-fast promotion to the Executive level."
When Namgung Myung looked around, he was also looking up at the electronic board with envious eyes. I poked his shoulder and asked,
"Gungmyung-ssi, can anyone go and do the appraisal?"
"Yes, anyone with an Outer God attachment… Benefactor?"
As soon as I heard Namgung Myung's words, I headed straight to the front of the appraisal machine. I felt the incarnations of Vedas Biotech, who had just finished appraising, glaring at me with curious eyes.
I shrugged my shoulders and said to the guys whose eyes met mine.
"If you're done, please step aside."
As Namgung Myung hurriedly followed me and stood next to me, a small commotion broke out among the incarnations.
"What? They're appraising again? Which company is it?"
"Oh, that company…"
No matter how much the company has declined, there are still people who know its name.
"Hahaha, that's where the Namgung Family's small company is located."
"Is that person next to him a new employee? There's an incarnation that's joining that company?"
I looked around and saw Namgung Myung looking at me with expectant eyes.
"Benefactor, do you have any Outer Gods parts?"
Namgung Myung's voice was trembling.
I said to Namgung Myung, who was like that.
"Hmm, I was wondering if this could count."
On the tip of my finger, a strand of my hair that I had pulled out as a joke was caught.
Namgung Myung looked at my hair with unrealistic eyes.
I smiled and dropped my hair on the scale.
"Wait a minute! You can't put anything on the scale like that...!"
"Not just anything."
Just as the incarnations of <Tamra Heavy Industries> used 'Dionysus's hair' as a story, all the parts of Narrative-grade Constellations in this world have the power of 'stories'.
"That's my 'story'."
As I watched the hair falling on the scale, I thought of the Outer Gods I had met. Outer Gods that were Catastrophe-level, Disaster-level, and Natural Disaster-level.
<&>「What is the 'most valuable' thing in the Fear Realm?」
If the criteria of this scale were the same as the grade criteria of the 'Transcendent Alliance'...
"He, he's crazy...!"
"What the hell is this guy coming in. He doesn't even know that if he misjudges an item, he'll be cursed by the scale—"
Soon, my hair touched the scale.
<!>[The item appraisal begins!]
Seeing the colorful rays of light bursting out from the scale, all the incarnations including Namgung Myung opened their eyes wide at the same time.
"What the heck is going on?"
"The grade is displayed?"
The grades were changing in real time like a roulette wheel.
Catastrophe, Disaster, and…
"…Natural Disaster?"
"What is that… isn't the scale broken? This is ridiculous…!"
The moment someone's shock escaped, acrid smoke began to flow out from the scale.
<&>「The greatest being in the 'Fear Realm'.」
I thought of the Second, who was sitting on a small chair and looking at me with a sad face.
<&>「The understander of all Fears.」
The 'King of Fear''s rank as measured by the 'Transcendent Alliance' was as follows.
<!>[End Grade.]
Along with the rank confirmation mark, the scale was covered in bright blue sparks.
