<title>Ch 553 Episode < Prologue. This is not an Announcement
<?>The Next 50 chapters are MTL translated and thus have somewhat weird editing, If you know any good quality TLs then feel free to contact me about it, or alternatively you can edit it yourself : Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint Side Story
Prologue. This is not an Annoucement
Thank you for your patience, everyone.
I'm finally going to start writing Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint's side story.
I've started, but I don't really know what to write about. I didn't write the story with a prequel in
mind.
While I was on hiatus, I read the comments you fans left on the last chapter, and I was blown
away.
You guys are geniuses.
I, on the other hand, am clueless... so clueless, in fact, that I haven't even decided on a main
character yet.
When I was writing the main story, it flowed nicely, but now my head is spinning like someone
slapped me hard on the back of the head.
Nevertheless, I'm writing a notice like this because I have to write a notice first.
.
.
.
I stopped typing and hit backspace.
Shit, what am I doing? No matter how bad the situation is, this crap is not what a professional
writer would write.
I bit my nails and started to write a new sentence.
How about I start it like this.
.
.
.
Now that I think about it, I've never introduced myself before. My identity was revealed in

chapter 549 of 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint', but I'm sure you've all forgotten.
To put it in Kim Dokja's words, I'm this kind of person.
Lee Hakhyun (李鶴翾).
My father named me after the noble crane, saying that I would fly like a crane, and paid 300,000
won at the philosophy museum to make a name for me.
Crane (鶴), light fly (翾).
The philosophy museum that gave me my name later went out of business, and it wasn't until
then that my father discovered the hidden parenthesis in front of the word "fly," which is the
meaning of hyun (翾).
翾 light fly
1. to fly (lightly)
In short, I am this kind of person.
Lee Hakhyun, 33 years old.
1. a (lightly) successful web novel writer.
For reference, the names of my only hits are as follows.
+
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint - 551 chapters
ㅡAuthor Lee Hakhyun
+
A full-length fantasy novel with 551 chapters, "Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint".
"Omniscient Reader" for short.
I have been living with this novel for two years, from my late 20s to early 30s, during the
serialization period.......
.
.
.
I got that far and hit backspace.
It just became a bio. It's terrible. I'm not even the main character, so what's the point of
introducing myself?
Tsukukuskus.
That's not a probability spark, that's my phone ringing.
I pressed the call button, looking as serious as Kim Dokja preparing for the possible aftermath.
Then I heard the voice of the Dokkaebi in charge.
ㅡDear Author.

It was the second worst phrase I'd been dreading lately.
"Yes."
ㅡYou're writing the side story, right?
And this is the first.
"No."
The person sighing at the other end of the phone was Ji Eunyoo, my dedicated editor.
Ji Eunyoo is a PD[1] who has been in the industry for a long time, and it was because of this
person that I wrote pure literature. If you think about it, she was a lifesaver.
ㅡWhat do you want to write?
I replied in a somber voice.
"I don't know what to write."
ㅡYou're not playing the game, are you? The new one?
"I just installed it."
ㅡWhy are you on Steam?
"It just started automatically when I turned on my computer."
ㅡNo, I just got a notification that you're playing a game.
I said, closing the game that was loading.
"Do you really think I play games only to play games? I'm just trying to get ideas."
ㅡI used to believe that.
There's a theory that Ji Eunyoo has picked up in her six years as an editor.
Writers who play games to get ideas only keep playing games even if they get ideas.
Actually, I think that's true.
ㅡWhat about the idea you mentioned before?
"I tried to write it but I couldn't."
ㅡDidn't you say you would do a crossover with your previous works? We talked about it
briefly.
I remembered the names of my previous works one by one.

『Orc Philosopher』
『Infinite Prisoner』
『System Breaker』
『Wizard of the Undying World』
『Method Master』
『How to Become a Famous Writer』
.......
No matter how much I thought about it, there was no way that those works could be related with
my novel.
Moreover, 'How to Become a Famous Writer' is an outrageous story about a person who
becomes a 'famous writer' by being possessed by the writer Lee Hakhyun (yes, that's my name),
so there was no way I could do a crossover with another novel.
And most of all,
"Why would I do a crossover with them?"
Most of those novels never made it to the paywall, and I stopped writing them.
ㅡThey were fun.
"That doesn't make me feel any better."
ㅡYou said you got drunk and went up on to the rooftop and came up with something. What
about we do that again?
"I already tried."
ㅡDid you get any tingling sensation in the back of your head? Or a dream with Han Sooyoung.
I sighed, unable to laugh or cry.
In the novel, Yoo Joonghyuk hit me in the back of the head, and Han Sooyoung sent me a novel,
even though she wrote it well...... I don't know. Nowadays, I also think I'd rather it was real.
ㅡEh, I'm sorry.
I know. I'm sure Ji Eunyoo is frustrated too.
We're hearing about the market crashing every day. I heard that Ji Eunyoo's management is also
experiencing financial difficulties. Many of the people they had hired were leaving, and their
writers were changing companies or leaving the market one by one.
I wonder if it would help if I wrote a book in the meantime.
ㅡAnyway, there are a lot of readers waiting for your story.
"Where?"
It's an embarrassing story, but 'Omniscient Reader' was once a free bestseller on the platform and
it was quite well received.

I got readers who liked my novel, and I got responses on various communities.
After finishing my work, I used to secretly search for 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' and see
the reactions of readers.
It was all in the past.
No one remembers my novels anymore.
ㅡDon't say that. It's true.
Where are they then?
I swallowed the question that was bubbling up.
"I'll do my best."
I replied grimly and hung up the phone, realizing that I needed a drink tonight.
I closed my laptop and headed to the local convenience store to pick up a can of beer and some
snacks. At first I picked up some potato chips, then put them back down and grabbed a protein
biscuit.
I'm at an age where I have to pay attention to these things.
After a quick checkout, I was sipping my beer when I remembered Ji Eunyoo's words.
<&>「"There are a lot of readers waiting for your story."」
By the way, the above hyphen (「」) is a symbol I use when I have a special thought.
I'm having a special thought.
I wonder if there still are readers waiting for my story.
I finished my beer and went back to the web novel platform.
The next thing I know, I have a bunch of notifications. A system message asking me to continue
the series, and notifications from fellow writers announcing the start of their serializations.
And then.
ㅡI enjoyed it, author.
From readers.
ㅡI'm a middle school student, 14 years old, and this was the first web novel I've read in my
life.............
Some of the notes were cute, some were desperate.
ㅡReading this novel is the best part of my military life.......
They were all fragments of the story that readers had left for me.
And three years have passed.
The middle school readers would have become high school students. Those who were in high
school would be in college, those who were in the military would have been discharged, and

those who were job hunters would hopefully be employed......
In any case, they would have become something else and left this story, and I would still be here,
a boring human being choosing protein biscuits over potato chips.
—That was fun, author.
Suddenly, I heard an alarm and spilled some beer.
The alarm went off, and a message had just arrived via the platform.
I can't believe someone would still send a message to an author three years after its completion.
—Sender: RepresentativeKimDokja.
When I checked the sender's ID, I immediately recognized it.
RepresentativeKimDokja.
When I was in the middle of my series, there was a reader with such a nickname.
—It's been three years since I finished the novel. Every year at this time, I go for a nostalgic
drive, and I enjoyed reading it again this year. Every time I read it again, I feel like I'm reading a
different novel.
Suddenly, I remember three years ago, when I was reading the serialized version.
I had to be the one saying that.
This reader used to comment every day and send me appreciation notes every time.
In short, he deserved the nickname "Representative Kim Dokja".
—I don't know if you remember.
Of course I remember, because I still see those messages every now and then.
I remember writing like crazy until the deadline every day, and then staying up until the wee
hours of the morning to read the messages and comments from readers.
If it weren't for the people who stuck with me through it, I wouldn't have been able to endure the
solitude or write that last sentence.
I hesitated, then grabbed the keyboard. For once, I wanted to reply to a reader with my own
words.
But then.
—I'll have a small fan meeting tomorrow at 7pm. If you're free, I hope you can come and enjoy
it, and the I'm[2] going to give you a special gift as a thank you.
A gift?
—I'm sorry, but tickets to the event are paid. I have to make a living too.
Suddenly, I remembered the prologue of Omniscient Reader.
In the prologue, Kim Dokja receives a note from the author, tls123.
It says that the epilogue will be released for a fee.
It was like a little joke, a prank, prepared by a long-time reader.
I started to write a reply.

—Thank you so much, dear reader. However, I will only accept your heart as a gift. And if you
have to pay to enter......, that's a purchase, not a gift, right? (Uhaha)
I hope he didn't actually get me a gift?
But even if he did prepare a gift, I couldn't carry take it. How could I receive a gift as a
shameless lowlife who hasn't even wrote a novel for three years?
By the way, is it better to leave out this (uhaha)? Do people not use such things nowadays?
Naively, I sipped my beer as I thought these things.
I had no idea what was going to happen to my life the next day.
Author's note
This is an 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' story, but it is not from the main story.
This story is still the story of Kim Dokja, but it is not meant for only one Kim Dokja.
Thank you for your patience. Once again, we begin the 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'.
February 2023. Sing Shong.

