<title>Ch 554 Episode 1. The World After Completion (1)
Episode 1. The World After Completion
<&>「This is a story of unread despair.」
***
After receiving that interesting message yesterday, something surprising happened to me.
I wrote the first sentence of the side story.
I can't tell you what the first sentence is. It's a spoiler, and it's not a great sentence.
But one day it may have a very nice meaning. It was the same when I wrote the first sentence of
the novel.
The whole story begins around noon today with Ji Eunyoo's sudden visit.
"Let's go somewhere together, author-nim."
It took less than an hour to arrive at the destination by taxi, still held by the scruff of my neck.
Finally, we stood in front of the theater in Cheongmuro, a place that was once used as the setting
of 'Omniscient Reader'.
<Kim Dokja's Banquet>
I glared at the placard at the entrance of the theater. Judging from the name, it was clear that it
was an event related to "Omniscient Reader".
Suddenly, I remembered the note I received from Representative Kim Dokja yesterday.
ㅡI'll have a small fan meeting tomorrow at 7pm. If you're free, I hope you can come and enjoy
it.
Is this the one he talked about yesterday?
I asked Ji Eunyoo.
"How did you know about this place?"
"The event organizer contacted us and said he wanted to hold a paid event and wanted
permission. He said he'd donate all the admission money to the orphanage in Kim Dokja's name.
I'm here to keep an eye on things, just in case."

So that's what he meant by paying the admission fee.
I nodded exaggeratedly and said.
"That's great. But why do I..."
"Readers, you asked me where they were."
In hindsight, I remembered my phone call with Ji Eunyoo yesterday. She told me that there were
readers waiting for my story, and I asked her where they were. I turned my head again and
looked at the theater.
In there, the readers Ji Eunyoo had told me about.
Suddenly, I felt a rush of blood to my head, and my heart pounded.
"But is it okay if I go in?"
Ji Eunyoo tilted her head at my hesitation.
"Why?"
"I'm the writer."
"It's okay. Han Sooyoung wrote it."
Looking at Ji Eunyoo jokingly replying, I also laughed bitterly.
"Indeed."
Well, what kind of writer is a writer who hasn't written for three years?
Today, I wanted to pass all my burdens onto Han Sooyoung, whom I had never seen before. The
reason why I am not able to write the novel is because Han Sooyoung did not write the
manuscript in the far universe, and Yoo Joonghyuk did not deliver the manuscript.
I wanted to believe so.
At the entrance of the theater, life-size copies of the characters of the novel were displayed.
Looking at the design, it seemed to be drawn by referring to the webtoon's drawing style that was
once serialized. It was of great quality to the point of admiration.
I appreciated the paintings, recalling the names of each character.
Demon King of Salvation Kim Dokja, Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk, Black Flames Demon
Ruler Han Sooyoung, Moonlight Empress Yoo Sangah, Judge of Destruction Jung Heewon, Pure
Steel Sword Lee Hyunsung, Beast Lord Shin Yooseung, Inspect King Lee Gilyoung and the
Otaku Kim Namwoon······ and even supporting characters with a few appearances like Bald
Head Gong Pildu, Immortal Doctor Lee Seolhwa and the fake protagonist Jang Hayoung.......
"To be honest, it's better than what we made."

Even Ji Eunyoo replied like that.
The quality is good, but the fact that they put in this much effort was touching.
I added with a bitter smile.
"I'd believe it if they said it was drawn by the real webtoon artists."
"Didn't they actually draw it?"
"No way. Everyone left after that incident."
Once upon a time, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' was also turned into a webtoon.
It started out well. Amazing artists were in charge of the composition and drawing.
Unfortunately, however, before the 10th episode, lightning struck the studio and it spread to a
large fire, and the company that could not handle the aftermath went bankrupt. In addition, due
to financial difficulties in management, the webtoon 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'
disappeared from the world after completing the 11th episode.
"We don't know yet, author-nim. If the novel does well, they might reboot the webtoon."
I am surprised she can still sound so optimistic.
"I stopped expecting that a long time ago."
As if by bad luck, strange things have happened to all kinds of 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'
adaptations since the webtoon's demise. If we signed a movie, the production company went
bankrupt, and if we produced figures or merchandise, the factory went bankrupt. This had
happened time and time again, and now there are no more offers coming in.
I paused for a moment and said.
"Somewhere out there, there's a world line where Omniscient Reader didn't went out of
business."
I'm sure the webtoon would be popular in that world, along with its movie, drama, and maybe
even an animation. It's not this world line, but sometimes I dream about it.
"We're not doomed yet either."
With a grumbling Ji Eunyoo, I looked back at the remaining life-size figures. The life-size
procession was quite long, from Uriel and Great Sage, Heaven's Equal to Han Myungoh, who
can be said to be a rather non-mainstream, on display.
However, at the end of the life-size frames, a strange person stood.
Who is this?
It was a man with narrow eyes, but I could hardly guess who it was.
Was there a character like this in 'Omniscient Reader'?
I'd know if there was a name written on it.......
I thought about asking Ji Eunyoo, but then stopped. I still have some author's pride.

"Two."
"Please write your nickname on the name tag here and attach it to your left chest."
We entered the theater after receiving a name tag through the guide.
Fortunately, no one recognized me as the novel's author. No wonder. It's not like I wrote in the
name tag that I was the author.
I looked at Ji Eunyoo's name tag.
<!>[Genius editor]
"Ji Eunyoo-ssi."
Ji Eunyoo pretended not to hear me and sat at the back of the room. I could see the backs of all
the fans who settled down in the front. It was surprising. All of those people are our readers. I
wonder if they were actually bought by Ji Eunyoo.
When I looked to the side, Ji Eunyoo's eyes were wide open.
"By what I counted, there are more than 30 people."
Thirty people. It sounds like a small number, but meant that there were thirty core fans that took
the time to come here.
I nodded, pressing down on the rising emotion.
Great job, Kim Dokja.
The event hadn't started yet, so I could hear the readers in front of us chatting away.
Somebody's voice came from the front.
"Do you have 'Shinpae[1]'? It's really hard to get those nowadays."
"Oh, I have it."
"Awesome. What about 'Beul-e[1]'?"
"I bought it right away."
"Then, 'Dokpi[1]' too?"
"Yeah, but... it's weird, it's kind of making my head spin."
I couldn't figure out what they were talking about. It seems like they're using readers-exclusive
slang.
We sat side by side and overheard the conversation.
"It's already the twelfth time..."
"The host said today is the last one, right?"
"Yes."
"There used to be a lot of people, now there's only a few."
"I know. Everyone disappeared one by one."
Apparently, this is already the twelfth time they make this mysterious Kim Dokja's Banquet.
There were even more people before.

I thought there were enough people now...
"I'm sorry, can I sit here?"
I turned my head to a sudden voice. A big man like Lee Hyunsung stood shyly pointing to the
seat next to me.
I nodded.
"Oh, yes. Please take a seat."
"Thank you."
A name tag was hanging from the chest of the man bowing his head.
<!>[Judge Heewon]
He was probably a fan of Jung Heewon, the Judge of Destruction. I was nervous sitting next to a
stranger after a long time.
Ji Eunyoo talked to him, as if she had noticed the awkward atmosphere.
"You must be a fan of Jung Heewon."
Judge Heewon nodded lightly.
"Yes..."
And the ensuing silence.
Ji Eunyoo poked me in the arm as if to make me say something. What kind of topic do they
usually bring up at times like this. It's been so long since I talked to someone I didn't know, so I
couldn't think of the first word.
I opened my mouth thinking about thinking about what would Kim Dokja say if he were me.
"Jung Heewon is great."
"Oh, yes!"
Seeing a man smiling brightly even though I didn't say that much, I felt like I had already formed
an important bond. We nodded our heads and thought about Jung Heewon together like good
friends.
Jung Heewon. A good character I made.
Judge Heewon, who had been looking closely at the nickname on my name tag for a long time,
told me.
"Your nickname is funny."
"Thank you."
"What's your favorite......."
"Well, I......."

I thought about it for a moment, but it was hard to pick a favorite.
As the silence lengthened, Judge Heewon realized he had made a mistake and quickly added.
"Oh, do you possibly are an all-carer? I'm sorry......."
I don't know exactly what all-carer means, but I had a good idea.
I answered with a slight nod.
"I love them all, except for guys like Cheon Inho."
In case you've forgotten, Cheon Inho is the name of an extra villain who dies at the beginning of
Omniscient Reader.
Judge Heewon, who also knew Cheon Inho, lowered his voice with a dark expression.
"Cheon Inho, that bad guy."
"He's a bad guy."
"The guy to be teared to death."
"Uh... Right?"
"Someone to burn to death with Hellfire."
Our conversation ended there.
The host appeared on the stage of the theater. The host was wearing a black suit and a white coat.
"Hello, everyone. I'm Kim Dokja, and I'm the moderator."
There was a light cheer from the audience. Although they had sunglasses on, his outfit was quite
similar to Kim Dokja's.
Is it handmade? The quality is amazing.
Soon the screen was lit, and the event began.
There was a calm background music, followed by the font of [the Fourth Wall.]
<&>「And on the Fourth Wall it was all written down.」
And slowly, comments from readers began to appear on the screen.
From the prologue to chapter 551, they were handwritten by readers.
"Hey, I wrote that!"
A girl fan in the front row said in a small voice. Everyone in the theater was watching the
comments together.
Some got a lot of likes, others were funny or novel. There were also some that were sentimental.
"Wasn't that the first time Kim Dokja died?"
"Ew, don't look at my comment, please take it down!"
"This is full of our dark pasts."
As I read through the old comments, my heart twitched.

The full-length novel was published for two years, and then another three years passed before it
was finished.
Five years of history, built up by readers all over the world.
I watched the story unfold, speechless for a long time.
It was like a vague mythical tale told by someone else.
Photos of fan-organized exhibitions and subway advertisements commemorating the characters'
birthdays popped up one after another.
Looking at the illustration of Kim Dokja, someone muttered softly.
"It's Kim Dokja's birthday."
"It actually snowed in Seoul that day."
On the white screen, the readers' words piled up. Between the lines of words, I could see the
footprints of the people they had walked with.
"You're glad we came, right?"
I nodded at Ji Eunyoo's words.
"Perhaps I've been writing all those sentences just to see this view."
I could feel my heart beating once again.
If I deserved it, I wanted to say something to these people. I wanted to write for them, not run
away, not give up.
I wanted to challenge this story again.
<&>「But can I?」
It was then that I heard the moderator's voice.
"Without further ado, here are some words from our author-nim who have joined us for this
event!"
The readers in the audience looked at each other and roared.
I was dumbfounded for a moment, then snapped out of it.
"Author-nim?"
Ji Eunyoo whispered to me in surprise.
My mind raced for a moment.
Was she the one who organized the fan meeting?
But she didn't seem to have any idea.
I looked up at the stage and saw the moderator smiling at me.

I should get up.
As I stood up, feeling like I had no choice, a human face suddenly appeared on the screen.
ㅡAah, aah.
A beauty mark on a white skin. Bob hair tied back.
Even without explaining who she was, there was no one here who didn't recognize her.
The real author of 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' was there.
Author's Note
Hello, we're Singshong.
It's nice to be able to greet you again.

