<title>Ch 305: Ep. 58 - Context of the Constellations, I
During the past three years, Jung Heewon had changed a lot.
–Leader of the Chungcheong Alliance, Jung Heewon!
–The age of the Supreme King has passed! The strongest incarnation is Destroyer of Evil!
She had fan clubs and people in various media wanted to turn her story into a product. Any incarnation who used a sword would admire her. There were constellations who tried to get her to join their nebula.
Of course, it was a futile effort. Jung Heewon was the incarnation of a famous constellation in the Star Stream. The problem was that the famous constellation didn't appear in front of Jung Heewon for three years.
"I thought my sponsor was dead."
Her sponsor suddenly disappeared after the incident three years ago. Thus, Jung Heewon was forced to try harder than other incarnations. She had been trained by transcendents such as Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Kyrgios every day. It was in order to not lag behind the party members or sacrifice anyone else.
"It would've been a lot less unfair if you were there."
Jung Heewon was really strong. Then in front of her strong self, the vanished sponsor once again appeared.
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is silent.]
Jung Heewon sighed. "That… what are you saying to me just now?"
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is smiling.]
Jung Heewon didn't smile. She quietly raised her hand to grip her sword.
<!>[The incarnation 'Jung Heewon' is prepared to invoke Hour of Judgement on her sponsor!]
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is surprised!]
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says that Hour of Judgement can only be used against the wicked.]
Jung Heewon replied, "I know."
Indirect messages poured out.
<!>[Some constellations of the absolute good system have agreed with Jung Heewon's request.]
<!>[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' has agreed to the request.]
<!>[The constellation 'Friend of Justice and Harmony' has agreed to the request.]
<!>[The constellation 'Master of the Ark' has agreed to the request.]
<!>[Some constellations of the absolute good system have opposed the request.]
<!>[The activation of the skill is cancelled!]
Jung Heewon stared at the air with wide eyes.
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is avoiding the eyes of her incarnation.]
Jung Heewon released her sword and sighed once again. In her head, the feelings of her sponsor were conveyed.
Sorrow and joy. Regret and guilt.
In fact, Jung Heewon knew why Uriel was detained for the past three years. It was miraculous that she was just confined in Eden after the events of the Demon King Selection.
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says she is sorry.]
However, she was still disappointed. Furthermore, her sponsor appeared for the first time in three years…
"If you want to see Dokja-ssi, why don't you go and see him yourself? You know he is at the top of the fortress."
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' says that it isn't possible to summon a symbolic body because the probation period isn't over yet.]
The worried Jung Heewon hesitated for a long time before opening her mouth. "…I understand. Instead, don't do anything weird."
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is greatly pleased!]
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is asking if Kim Dokja is really imprisoned.]
"…Why do you like it?"
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is asking if Kim Dokja really became a squid.]
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire'…]
"I'll go now and look directly."
Not long after, Jung Heewon arrived at the top of the fortress where Kim Dokja was trapped.
<!>[This is a space where the Celestial Emperor's Sturdy Ward is enforced.]
<!>[The incarnation 'Jung Heewon' is permitted to enter.]
The door opened and the interior of a lavish room appeared. It was a prison but it was a room worthy of being a suite in a five star hotel. There was a sumptuous feast on the dining table that could be eaten whenever a person was hungry and a king-size bed to help with sleep. On the side were a few fantasy novels published before the fall of the world. Come to think of it, Kim Dokja liked fantasy novels.
Jung Heewon tried one of them as a test. Title: The World After the Fall. Author: Sing Shong…
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is screaming!]
She turned her head and saw Kim Dokja sitting on a soft rocking chair. A catheter was plugged into his arm to feed him story packs.
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at the Demon King of Salvation.]
The pack also contained sleeping pills made by Lee Seolhwa. She came closer and could see Kim Dokja's face. At the gaze, Kim Dokja opened his eyes. "…Heewon-ssi?"
Jung Heewon didn't know that she was biting her lips. Kim Dokja's defenseless face that was weary from the hard times. A corner of her heart ached at the sight.
"This place…"
There were many things she wanted to say when she met Kim Dokja again. She wanted to be angry, she wanted to puke, she wanted to ask why the hell he did those things. Even so, all her emotions melted away after seeing Kim Dokja's face. These were her feelings or perhaps they were the feelings of her sponsor. Jung Heewon didn't know.
Jung Heewon controlled the amount of sleeping pills flowing through the catheter.
"The person who wants to see Dokja-ssi… no, it is an angel."
A white light shone around Jung Heewon's hand. It was a warm light reminiscent of an archangel. Jung Heewon raised Kim Dokja's body and laid him down on the bed. Not long after, Kim Dokja fell asleep with a light breathing sound. Jung Heewon's hand surrounded by the white light passed over Kim Dokja's head several times.
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at the Demon King of Salvation.]
It was a valuable emotion that couldn't be conveyed in words. In the meantime, Jung Heewon hadn't understood Uriel's companionship but somehow, she felt like she knew it a bit.

***

I had a long dream. The dream was a bit strange.
–The vitals check is good.
–There is a stable dose of the story pack.
Lee Seolhwa and Aileen's voices came and went like a hallucination.
–Hyung… um…
Sometimes I saw the faces of Lee Gilyoung and Shin Yoosung as they clung to my waist.
–Uwahhhh! Dokja-ssiiiii!
I heard Lee Hyunsung howling like a monster. Then…
At first glance, it seemed like my mother's face. I thought about it. If this was a dream, I would rather not wake up.
–Hey, he's going to wake up! Quickly get another dose of sleeping pills!
I listened to Han Sooyoung's loud voice and smiled. In other words, this dream was a play for only one person. Just like Ways of Survival was to me.
<&>「 In fact, he could wake up anytime he wanted but Kim Dokja didn't do this. 」
Thus, I decided to be the audience of the play.
<&>「 For the first time since the fall began, Kim Dokja slept comfortably. 」
It was the first time I felt this way. My heart was always impatient. Now I could be protected by someone. There were people I could trust.
–Take a break, Dokja-ssi.
…Yes, there was still some time until the 46th scenario. The moment I made up my mind, a full sleep came over me.

***

Lee Gilyoung, who was caught by the collar, screamed. "Ah, noona! Do I have to go? I want to stay with Dokja hyung!"
"You have been with him long enough."
"Shin Yoosung was together with him for eight hours! I was only there for six hours!"
Lee Jihye gave some sweet honey to the complaining Lee Gilyoung. "These guys are offensive. You and Yoosung are the only ones who can deal with them. In addition, Dokja ahjussi is sleeping and you can meet him anytime."
"But…"
"Unni, we've almost arrived."
The chimera dragon started a sharp descent along with Shin Yoosung's words. The buildings of the Gyeonggi Alliance could be seen below. The reason the Busan Alliance came here was simple.
"…You really made a kingdom." The people treated as slaves were crying out with pain. Lee Jihye bit her lips and declared, "Kill them."
Lee Jihye pulled out her sword while Lee Gilyoung stepped forward. "Hey, Shin Yoosung. I'll handle it so you're out."
"Shut up, you didn't even recognize Dokja ahjussi."
"…Go, Titano-MKII!"
The moment Lee Gilyoung gave the command, the insect king unit wearing hard armour flew into the air. They were at least fourth grade insect kings.
"The enemy!"
Lee Jihye asked as she saw the scythe of a giant praying mantis cut the buildings.
"Didn't Titano die?"
"That was just Titano. This is Titano-MKII."
"What's the difference?"
An explosion occurred in the middle of the enemy's camp. It wasn't caused by Titano. The high-rise buildings that formed the main pillars of the Gyeonggi Alliance collapsed and there was a huge storm. The airships floating in the sky could be seen crashing down after being hit by something that was like black lightning.
Lee Jihye was dumbfounded. "We said we would take care of it…"
There was only a ruin in the place where the storm passed. A man was slaughtering the fleeing alliance members. It was Yoo Joonghyuk.
"W-Wait a minute! Wait! Stop Supreme King!" A man who appeared to be one of the leaders of the Gyeonggi Alliance hurriedly shouted, "You will be in trouble if you kill me now! We have a hostage on our side!"
Yoo Joonghyuk's sword stopped for the first time at the word 'hostage'. The man thought it worked and kept shouting, "Phew… the reason why the Moonlight Empress doesn't emerge from the top floor of the fortress is because her disease is worsening."
The confused Lee Jihye and Shin Yoosung glanced at each other.
"What is this brat talking about?"
"…The Moonlight Empress, Sangah unni?"
The man's words continued. "Haha, it took a long time to pierce the barrier of the Demon Realm but we did it!"
"What are you saying?"
"The elite forces of our alliance have penetrated the fortress while you were absent. In other words, the life of the Moonlight Empress is now in our hands. It was hard to break through but your colleague's life is now in our hands―"
"You pierced the barrier?"
Yoo Joonghyuk's expression cracked for the first time. The facial expressions of the other party members shifted. Shin Yoosung asked,
"There isn't any barrier around Sangah unni's room?"
"Then that crazy guy is saying…"
At the same time, the group looked at Seoul.

***

At the same time, ten men penetrated the fortress of the industrial complex. They were all elite fighters of the Gyeonggi Alliance.
–It's here.
–Yes, that's correct.
–The Dispell Team, get started.
The members in charge of dispelling the barrier rushed at the order of the leader. One of the group members asked.
–What if the Black Flames Empress is present? Won't all of us be cut down?
It was only recently that the Black Flames Empress was renamed Black Flames Demon Ruler and the Moonlight Girl was renamed Moonlight Empress. It was due to the Seongnam Disaster that took place a year ago.
–The Black Flames Demon Ruler is away. The only one inside the room is the Moonlight Empress.
–Is it really okay for us to do this alone?
–There is a rumour that her illness is deep. It's no problem if she's alone.
A while later, the ward blocking the door was released.
–The barrier has been lifted!
–Already? It was faster than I expected.
–Well, it is hard to penetrate from the inside but it is easy from outside.
–How funny. There was something like this?
–That's right. Its really stupid…
They laughed as the barrier was broken and the door opened.
–Shall we see the workmanship of the Moonlight Empress? Everybody, get ready to infiltrate!
The moment they touched the door handle, an unexpected message entered their ears.
<!>[The constellation 'Black Sword Assassin' is giving a warning!]
<!>[The constellation 'Hunter of the Dark Moon' is astounded!]
<!>[The constellation 'Knight of the Frozen Heart' is convulsing.]
They were all the sponsors of the incarnations.
–What is this? My sponsor…
–D-Did you hear it as well?
Their curiosity didn't last for long. A formidable aura was felt from beyond the door. A huge aura they never encountered before was covering their body.
–This…?
The elite members stiffened at the power that was on a different dimension. It was impossible.
"I was getting some much-needed rest, but my fate is like that."
A man in a white coat walked through the open door. The smiling man placed a hand on the shoulder of the leader.
"Everyone, thank you for bringing me out."
