<title>Ch 48: Ep. 10 – Future War, VI
<cover>[Cover Part 1 - 048 - Vol 3 - Episodes 11-15.jpg][]
It wasn't an illusion. The guy's eyes instantly widened when he heard my name.
"Don't tell me…?"
He carefully observed my face. That reminded me, what was the description of Yoo Joonghyuk in Ways of Survival? There wasn't a detailed appearance but the word 'handsome' was attached. And my face…
Could this be considered a fictional allowance?
"What is it?"
"Ah, nothing."
His tone became politer. I didn't know what was going on in there but his head was probably in a complicated state right now.
At least one thing was certain. The man in front of me had clearly read Ways of Survival.
I became more certain because he wasn't registered in Character List and he was surprised to hear Yoo Joonghyuk's name.
His eyes urgently returned to Lee Hyunsung by my side.
It was inspecting the attribute… I see. Was he digging up information? I deliberately gave him some time to observe Lee Hyunsung before opening my mouth.
"Impertinent person. You better move your eyes carefully."
"…Heok?"
He confirmed Lee Hyunsung's name and also noticed that he could view my character window with Detect Attributes. I didn't know how far he had read in Ways of Survival but there were a few characteristics that could be used to identify Yoo Joonghyuk.
One of them was the SS skill, Sage's Eye which allowed for universal detection and protection against detection skills. Now he would be convinced that I had Sage's Eye.
"Did you think I wouldn't know that you peeked at me with a B-grade skill?"
The spasms started from the man's eyes and spread through his face.
Then his eyes wandered to the red flag I carried on my back. It was as I guessed. There were limits to the evidence that he could find about Yoo Joonghyuk.
"You son of a bitch…!"
One of the men in the group hadn't figured out the situation and pointed a spear at me. The moment that Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung was about to come forward.
Peeok!
The man's head burst and red blood splattered like a fountain. The group immediately screamed. From beyond the blood, I saw a serious looking man.
…Look at this bastard? He slowly walked through the crowd towards me.
"I'm sorry. Such a distinguished person had to see a horrible sight."
"Who are you?"
The man tried to manage his expression at my cold tone. He was pretty good. If I was him, I would feel like my heart was going to burst.
"I will formally introduce myself. My name is Lee Sungkook. I am the deputy in charge of Dongmyo Station."
This guy approached and bowed before me. I liked it. Then I started the full-fledged Yoo Joonghyuk cosplay.
After I snapped at him, I opened my mouth and spoke in a cold voice.
"Dongmyo Station? I see. Then get out."
"…Huh?"
"This is my station from now on so get out."
This guy's mouth dropped open.
"What…"
"You aren't going to listen to me?"
I looked down at the flag holder that had the Dongmyo flag. Lee Sungkook belatedly understood my point.
"T-That is impossible. You can't transfer a station already occupied…"
"Do you think I'm a fool? You are the deputy."
"Yes?"
"If you have the authority of a deputy, the station can be transferred at will. You didn't know?"
"…!"
"If you don't take it out by the time I count to three, I will cut your neck. One."
Lee Sungkook's face stiffened. The men slowly surrounded me, giving off a nasty atmosphere. Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung were nervous because they didn't know why I was suddenly doing such a crazy thing. I continued speaking.
"Does it sound like I am joking? Two."
Was it hard to remember after reading the novel 10 years ago? It looked like he forgot who Yoo Joonghyuk was. Then I had to jog his memory.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Purest Sword Force Lv. 2' has been activated.]
<!>[Blade of Faith is activated!]
Chiiiiiing!
I saw Lee Sungkook's pale face beyond the burning white blade. This was a game of chicken.
Remembering Yoo Joonghyuk meant he knew a bit about who Yoo Joonghyuk was.
If he knew how ruthless the early Yoo Joonghyuk was then he would never be able to continue this game.
If he didn't know Yoo Joonghyuk properly? Then it didn't matter. I would play the game and run away if we were going to lose. Now I had enough strength.
At this moment, Lee Sungkook hurriedly shouted.
"W-Wait a minute! I-I'll give it to you!"
This brat, he had read Ways of Survival. But he didn't read it properly.
"No need."
"…Huh?"
"You answered too late."
"Yes?"
"This place isn't enough. Give me Dongdaemun as well."
Jung Heewon made an astonished expression by my side. She looked like she was ready to act. But she couldn't go out.
No, I had to act. Because I was now Yoo Joonghyuk. I had to speak more nonsense in order to make him believe I was Yoo Joonghyuk.
I aimed my sword at Lee Sungkook and declared.
"If you don't do this, there won't be a deal."
"B-But…!"
"I will count to three again. One."
Lee Sungkook's expression changed in real time. He was starting to believe that I was Yoo Joonghyuk. The protagonist of a novel was standing in front of him.
How would he cope? The way he acted here would determine my relationship with these guys in the future.
"I-I can give you Dongdaemun History and Culture Park! But…"
"But?"
"I don't have the authority to hand over Dongdaemun… if you don't mind, would you like to meet our representative?"
It was a great response. It was just the level of prey that I wanted.
Lee Sungkook kept on talking.
"Yoo Joonghyuk-nim's reputation is well-known. Our representative will be greatly looking forward to seeing Yoo Joonghyuk-nim. Please give our group a chance to talk with Yoo Joonghyuk-nim."
"You know me?"
"How can I not know Yoo Joonghyuk-nim?"
Lee Sungkook shut his mouth the moment he said this. He thought he said something strange. Yoo Joonghyuk couldn't be famous this early on.
"A-Anyway, it will be an honour if you accompany me."
I stared at him and replied. Yes, this level was acceptable.
"Okay, show me the way."
Lee Sungkook's expression brightened and he added useless words.
"Don't worry. I swear on the King's Honour that I won't harm Yoo Joonghyuk-nim."
<!>[Dongmyo Station's deputy, Lee Sungkook has sworn on the King's Honour.]
<!>[If he breaks this vow, Lee Sungkook can be punished by you.]
What a great guy. But he did the right thing if he really thought I was Yoo Joonghyuk. Wasn't his understanding of Yoo Joonghyuk better than I expected?
Then he would pay for it.
"Hurt me? You guys?"
"Of course, none of us can lay a finger on Yoo Joonghyuk-nim. Ha, haha. Then… this way."
"Just a minute."
"Yes?"
I pointed to the flag holder.
"Give me that."
"…"
<!>[You have received the transfer of Dongdaemun History and Culture Park.]
<!>[Currently Occupied: Chungmuro (Main Base), Myeongdong, Dongdaemun History and Culture Park]
<!>[The achievement points of the red flag are rising.]
The flag was changing before my eyes.
It was a good start.
No, wasn't this too easy?
"Then let's go."
I watched Lee Sungkook's shaking shoulders and felt strange.
Wouldn't it be okay to continue living as Yoo Joonghyuk?

***

We were guided by Lee Sungkook towards Dongmyo Station.
The Dongmyo members didn't know my identity but Lee Sungkook's attitude was so stubborn that they couldn't protest.
I walked with my party at the rear of the group. Lee Hyunsung hesitated before looking at me and opening his mouth.
"Excuse me, Dokj…"
Kuk!
Jung Heewon noticed quickly and hit Lee Hyunsung's stomach. There was the sound of wind being blown from the lungs and Lee Hyunsung moaned.
As expected from Jung Heewon. She didn't know the exact situation but she knew how to match the mood.
I muttered out of the side of my mouth.
'You know what to do without me telling you?'
'Yes, roughly'.
I watched Jung Heewon and then Kang Ilhun being carried by Lee Hyunsung. The most important person right now was that guy.
'Make sure to restrain that guy. Understood?'
Jung Heewon nodded and made a strange gesture. She kneeled in front of me and cried out in an exaggerated voice.
"Yes Joonghyuk! I will do as you say!"
Anyone who saw it would think about medieval knights. The funny thing was that the surprised Lee Hyunsung did the same thing.
"I-I will do as you say…!"
Lee Sungkook, at the head of the group, was surprised to hear these two voices. It was embarrassing but the result was good. I couldn't read Lee Sungkook's inner thoughts but it would be like this if I could read it.
<&>「 He must be Yoo Joonghyuk. 」
Lee Sungkook met my gaze and quickly turned his head back to the front. This was how a main character felt.
Not long afterwards, we arrived at Dongmyo Station.
They were a pretty powerful group seeing as many people were on the platform. There were some people with weapons like Lee Sungkook's group, but most of them didn't have any.
They were probably wanderers from other stations who lost their group.
"Move faster!"
"I-I understand."
They were slaughtering the ground rats while being supervised by the Dongmyo members or disassembling the corpses of the monsters to make equipment.
The so-called 'slave' class. It was a common scenery in the age of kings.
Jung Heewon frowned.
"This isn't a real kingdom…"
I spoke to Jung Heewon.
"Don't be disgusted. Wait here and look at the situation."
"Yesss…"
I'm ignoring Jung Heewon and started to observe the surroundings. It was to take into account additional variables.
Dongmyo was quite important in the original novel. If I remembered correctly… the representative of this place was the 'invalid'.
But the story was likely to have changed if the Prophets intervened. I looked at the back of Lee Sungkook's head.
At this point, I had two questions. One, did Lee Sungkook have his own text version? Two, how many prophets were there?
And if I had to say a third question, did they have the same 'skills' as me…
It didn't seem like it. Otherwise he would've used Character List instead of Detect Attributes at the beginning.
Besides, he didn't seem to have the Fourth Wall when I used Character List. In other words, he was a case like Lee Gilyoung.
Well, I read over 3,000 chapters. It would be unfair if they received the same perks as me when they only read a few chapters.
Speaking of which, I don't think they had a text version…
By the way, what was this person looking so hard at? Lee Sungkook was looking at his smartphone.
<!>[5,000 coins have been invested in agility.]
<!>[Agility Lv. 20 -> Agility Lv. 30]
<!>[An amazing agility lies in your body.]
I approached Lee Sungkook like a ghost.
"What are you looking at so hard?"
"H-Huh? It is nothing!"
The guy hurriedly hid his smartphone. It was a flash but I saw the screen. A yellow background and familiar speech bubbles.
I felt a sense of discomfort. If my eyes weren't wrong… I had definitely seen a chat room on the screen.
…The Internet? Right here?

***
