<title>Ch 163: Ep. 32 - Kim Dokja's Love, II
I thought I heard wrong and dug at my ears. However, the message didn't change.
<!>[A huge fate is hoping for your death.]
What the? I pressed hard against the brakes as my mind became troubled. Han Sooyoung screamed from the sudden stop. "What is it? I was in the middle of feeling good!"
"Please be quiet."
I once again listened. This time a voice appeared as well as the message.
<!>[A huge fate is hoping for your death.]
This was the third time. I gulped. Dammit. Was there an incident where a 'fate message' appeared three times in the original novel?
I thought about it. It was… the 71st regression Yoo Joonghyuk. At that time, Yoo Joonghyuk had been named due to Yama, king of hell.
Shit, what was going to happen?
Han Sooyoung scowled and asked again, "Why? What's going on?"
"Someone has read my fate."
"…Fate?"
Fate. It was as scary as the 'probability' in Ways of Survival.
Strictly speaking, this was a force using 'probability' in the broader sense. However, there was a reason it was called something different. It was because 'fate' was the power of the constellations, who exercised their accumulated probability.
"Uh, wait a minute. It seems to be a story that I vaguely know…"
"Perhaps there was a quick mention in the beginning of the novel."
"Fate… is it similar to Future Sight?"
"It is similar but different."
In fact, it was very different. Reading fate wasn't as simple as reading 'information of the future'. Rather, it was even more dangerous.
"If Future Sight is a glimpse of a predictable future, fate was a power that forced a predictable future."
I didn't know if Han Sooyoung understood so I added an explanation.
"For example, let's say I step on the accelerator for five seconds. Then when I look using Future Sight, won't I be driving?"
"…Well, I guess."
"However, if I know information about the future, I might not step on the accelerator."
"That is possible."
"Fate is different. If someone reads the fate that 'Kim Dokja will step on the accelerator for five seconds', this fate is forced unless it is withdrawn or realized. To put it simply…"
"You must step on the accelerator."
I nodded and Han Sooyoung spoke like it was strange. "By the way, isn't it a bit weird?"
"What?"
"It doesn't fit the probability. According to you, 'fate' is a force that interferes with the scenario but who can force it?"
"Who…"
In principle, the dokkaebis couldn't interfere with the scenario. Thus, there was only one being who could interfere. Han Sooyoung immediately knew the answer. "Even if it is a constellation, alone…"
"It is a problem because they aren't alone."
"What?"
"Only the big nebulae can read fate."
Then a big explosion occurred in front of us. Something was approaching at a formidable pace. It was on a different dimension from the monsters we had met before.
Han Sooyoung's face paled. "…Kim Dokja, what exactly is the fate message that you received?"
"I will die."
"Dammit, you should've told me that first! Why does something always…"
Han Sooyoung spat out and was about to leave the car. A presence appeared in front of them. I reflexively drew Unbroken Faith but the man opened his mouth first.
"Kim Dokja. I have something to tell you."
It was my first time seeing him but I was accustomed to the energy from his body. I instinctively felt that he wasn't an enemy.
"You are…"
The moment I smelt the scent of fragrant well and felt the overexcited air, I discovered who this person was.
"…Did you come to say I will die?" I asked.
The incarnation of Dionysus, who smelt of alcohol, smiled at me with white eyes.
"Ah, you already know?"
I had a good impression of Dionysus. He fought for me on the way to the banquet location. Still, that was a different story from the current situation. I opened my mouth and spoke in a wary voice.
"Are you the ones who read my fate?"
"Yes. Olympus read your fate. But if you're asking if I'm one of them, I'm not."
"What do you mean?"
Dionysius' incarnation just smiled. A thought crossed my mind the moment I saw the smile.
"Surely Olympus isn't splitting apart?"
"You are truly smart."
…Already? This development was faster than the original. The breaking apart of Olympus was scheduled but it should've happened after at least 10 scenarios.
"It isn't just Olympus. Many constellations are aiming at you. They are very strong and mighty existences."
I had expected it. Otherwise my 'fate' wouldn't be so overbearing.
"Why are they aiming for me?"
"Those strong people are afraid of your influence."
"I'm just a fledgling constellation."
"That's how it should be. However, the scenario started on Earth is very special. Some constellations believe this is the scenario we have long been waiting for. Ahh, don't make that expression. I'm not saying this so you can understand."
I wanted to say that my face always looked like this but Dionysus continued. "In any case, just know that this scenario is very important to us. Then you showed up in the scenario."
"I don't know what it is but I'm disturbing things."
"Yes. You are bound to be an obstacle. You will be less influenced by probability than other constellations. You have overwhelming growth and strength compared to other incarnations. That's why some nebulae believe you should either be absorbed or removed."
I briefly looked at Dionysus. "Why are you telling me this information?"
This was the thing i was most curious about. Why was Dionysus showing kindness towards me?
"It is because I like your story." Dionysus laughed heartily and added. "Some constellations and I believe that you can reach ■■."

***

Jung Heewon and the group spent the day investigating the dungeon of Paradise. There was no way to invade with a large number of people at once so the party decided to scatter and find a method. The method Jung Heewon chose was straightforward.
'I will mix in'.
In the afternoon, new criminals appeared. Uriel gave her the Recluse's Cloak and she chased after the guards while the dungeon was open. The guards and arrested criminals went through the underground door without feeling her presence.
The prison was much deeper than she thought and the darkness was beyond her imagination.
'Where are we going down to?'
It was a depth she couldn't understand. Why did it need to be so deep, even if it was a prison? It would be inconvenient to move…
She was feeling doubts when the guards' footsteps came to a halt. Strangely, all of them looked tense.
"All of you, move over there! We will withdraw immediately!"
The guards were afraid, as if this was a place they shouldn't enter. It was the same for the scary guard captain. Then a thick iron door opened and once it was opened, an entrance filled with metal bars could be seen. There were several layers of steel bars. It was a prison with excessive defenses designed to lock humans in.
"Everybody go in!"
The guards drove the prisoners inside and quickly rushed away.
"Aaack!"
"Help me!"
Jung Heewon mixed in with the prisoners and recoiled at the sight. Why were these people thrown here? What was going on here?
"U-Uhh… where is this place?"
The prisoners looked around. There was a faint light but it was extremely dark. Jung Heewon would've also been lost in the darkness if it wasn't for her Night Vision skill.
'This is a prison?'
She looked around and didn't feel it was a prison at all. The surrounding landscape was closer to a natural cave and there was no method to distinguish between prisoners. No, there were no other prisoners trapped in the first place.
'How does food distribution happen? What the hell is this?'
It was a 'dungeon' system that couldn't be understood at all. The prisoners she came in with were also disconcerted.
"What are we supposed to do here?"
"Excuse me! Is anybody there?"
The scared prisoners shouted but there was no reply. Instead, faint sounds were heard in the darkness.
Jung Heewon slowly pulled out the Sword of Judgment. The moment she stepped in here, the crying of her sword became more violent.
'This…'
An eerie sensation reached her back and Jung Heewon shouted, "Everyone, run away!"
However, it was already too late. Monsters rushed from the darkness and pounced on the people.
"Uwaaaack!"
"Save me! Kuaack!"
Leopard-like creatures were randomly biting people's arms and legs. People's limbs were torn apart like they were toys and blood splattered.
She originally only planned to rescue the woman from Geumho Station but things changed. The almost level 10 Demon Slaying skill was activated and a red aura wrapped around her body.
Her Kendo drew a perfect line in the air. The leopard's body was split apart in a neat line. The agitated leopards kept following her but she cleaned up the monsters.
Jung Heewon's power reached its peak in a place where demons were swarming.
"I-I don't know who you are but thank you…" The people in the darkness found her presence and thanked her. However, Jung Heewon couldn't afford to accept the thanks. She had seen the faces of the leopards.
'What the hell is this?'
The leopards had the faces of humans. Jung Heewon reflexively ran through the darkness.
All her senses had become cold with fear.
She ran and soon arrived at a cavern that was huge beyond her capacity to measure. To be precise, it wasn't a cavern. There were countless monsters in it. This was like the boundary of the Demon Realm.
There were 5th grade, 4th grade and even 3rd grade species. There were also monsters she didn't know the rating of.
"This is Paradise…"
She couldn't find the woman from Geumho Station. Of course, Jung Heewon wouldn't be able to find the woman. She had already been eaten or…
Kuaaah!
She would become one of these monsters. The monsters felt her lifeforce and were excited. Most of them were mixed breeds between demons and other monster species. Some looked like insect kings while others were the outside species… although this was just from the external appearance.
Prisoners were approaching behind her.
"Don't come!"
Before her cry reached them, the ground started to shake and the monster's feast began. The monsters ran out of the cavern like ants. Jung Heewon bit her lips and used her hell flames again.
'I shouldn't have come in alone'.
No, what could the others do if they came with her? Could Lee Hyunsung and the children fight against these distant enemies? Rather, it was good that she came alone.
"Kuaaack!"
The prisoners were eaten as prey while Jung Heewon wielded the Sword of Judgment and used Hell Flames Ignition. The burning heat of the archangel's flames caused the frightened demons to step back and be more cautious.
She didn't know how long this confrontation could continue. Some monsters watched the movement of the flames and dared to jump forward.
"Oh, you are an archangel's incarnation."
At this voice, the monsters who weren't afraid of the flames withdrew with weak groans.
She turned around and see Reinheit. He asked, "Are you ready to be the chief of the guards?"
"…Can you say that after seeing me?"
Jung Heewon told him, "You are a liar. Paradise? Get away from the horror of the scenario? Can you say that to me after making this place?"
She pointed the Sword of Judgment at Reinheit. Kim Dokja was right. There was no such thing as paradise in this world. They… were bound to continue the scenario.
Reinhart said, "If you want to kill me, you can."
"I don't need your permission."
She would naturally do so. She would borrow the power of her sponsor and end this terrible nightmare.
<!>[Judgment Time is activated!]
<!>[Constellations of the absolute good system are struggling with your request.]
