<title>Ch 143: Ep. 28 - The Ultimate Sacrifice, III
<cover>[Cover Part 1 - 143 - Vol 7 - Episodes 28-32.jpg][]
Our party arrived near Gwanghwamun half an hour before the promised time. In the meantime, the same message appeared in my head.
<!>[You are currently the strongest incarnation in Seoul.]
Damn, I wanted to say that I already knew. Frankly, I felt embarrassed every time I heard it. I couldn't guarantee victory against Yoo Joonghyuk even if I used all my power and I barely managed to beat Nirvana. Why was I the strongest?
Then a sentence from the 51st regression in Ways of Survival appeared.
<&>「 Strength and weakness in the Star Stream have nothing to do with the power or skill proficiency. The standards of strength come from the 'story'. 」
Then there were the words that Nirvana had said. "Strength and weaknesses are ultimately determined by the story."
"Dokja-ssi!"
In the distance, Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon were approaching. It seemed their bond with each other was stronger after overcoming the difficult situation together. Jung Heewon waved at me.
"I saw the proclamation of war. It was very beautiful."
"How are you feeling?"
"I'm fine. Hyunsung-ssi was a bit hurt…"
"I will be fine!"
"…He is just bluffing."
At the end of Jung Heewon's words, Lee Hyunsung struck his chest to prove he wasn't bluffing. It was exaggerated but it was hard to see it as a bluff.
Lee Hyunsung had started to inherit the story of the Master of Steel. Perhaps Lee Hyunsung was one of the top five incarnations in Seoul Dome. He was strengthened by inheriting the story.
Lee Hyunsung was the perfect example of 'strength is a story'. It was the price of a story that determined 'strength' in this world.
Perhaps I was ranked as the 'strongest incarnations' because the stories I accumulated in this life were at an impossible level.
Of course, the stories of the regressor Yoo Joonghyuk and reincarnator Nirvana were also formidable but their story was of the past.
The landscape of Gwanghwamun started to be seen in the distance. I checked the time. Three hours and 40 minutes had passed since the first wave. Once every four hours, the monsters would come. The second wave would soon be upon us.
"The 5th grade monsters will soon come. Will the other incarnations be okay?"
"It will be fine here."
I looked around and the eyes of Jung Heewon and the party members moved with me. It was more crowded than it was 10 minutes ago and the number of people was growing.
"This…" Jung Heewon seemed to realize something. Shouts came from all over the place. Everyone in Seoul was gathering at Gwanghwamun.
"Let's defeat the Salvation Church's leader!"
"We have to kill him to end this scenario!"
People armed with weapons were shouting. No one was talking about freedom or equality. It was because the humans of the present were too shabby to talk about such a grand concept. Instead, they gathered for survival.
"Follow the Supreme King!"
"Break the Salvation Church!"
Lee Hyunsung looked at the scene with a complicated gaze and said, "Dokja-ssi knew this would happen."
"I did expect it."
No matter how many new incarnations came in or how popular the Salvation Church was, the majority of the Seoul population were 'existing incarnations'. They just needed a focal point to go beyond factions.
Gong Pildu looked at the crowd and sighed. "…South Korea is ruined. Dammit. Are the lawmakers who were going to return my land dead?"
"You are saying those words in a situation like this?"
Lee Jihye clicked her tongue and Gong Pildu rubbed his lips.
"…What about Yoo Sangah? I heard she was caught by the Salvation Church."
"We'll go and get her. However, not right now."
I couldn't be hasty. Even Nirvana wouldn't dare touch the terminal of the nebula Olympus unless he was thinking about a war between nebulae.
All of Gwanghwamun was becoming heated up by the incarnations when a shining message appeared in the air.
+
[Hint 2]
The ninth strongest incarnation in Seoul Dome is 'Insect Boy Lee Gilyoung'.
+
Lee Gilyoung's eyes shone when his name was called.
"Hyung, I'm ninth!"
"…It is ridiculous. I'm weaker than that kid?" Lee Jihye grumbled.
"Stop talking and get ready."
The party members nodded simultaneously. The second hint was announced and the second wave would soon begin.
Roars were heard from the outskirts of Seoul and the cries of monsters started to be heard.
5th grade monsters that could be classified as 'small disasters' started to emerge. In order words, it was a level that ordinary incarnations couldn't handle. Fortunately, all the incarnations were gathered near Gwanghwamun and it wasn't an impossible fight. The narrower the area to protect, the easier it was to save the incarnations.
"We have to settle this in four hours. After that, 4th grade monsters will start to emerge. It is the end once that happens."
The party members nodded. There was nothing scary about 'small disasters' but they didn't want to see the monsters of the upper rank. I asked Gong Pildu and Lee Hyunsung to lead the incarnations and form a defense network.
"Leave it to me."
"Gwanghwamun will become my land after this scenario is over."
I smiled and replied, "…Go ahead. Do what you want."
Sadly, once this scenario was over, the 'Seoul land' that Gong Pildu desired wouldn't exist.
I led the rest of the group to the centre of Gwanghwamun. In the centre of Gwanghwamun, there was a large dome that didn't originally exist.
It wasn't a real building. There was no stadium in Gwanghwamun. It was a space that the Salvation Church temporarily added. The interior of the dome was still opaque but when I looked closely, a small figure was standing on top and giving a speech.
–All incarnations, who is our real enemy? Why are we now pointing our spears and swords towards each other?
Jung Heewon frowned at the voice.
"…It is the Neutral King."
The Neutral King was using 'Voice Amplication' at the top of the dome like he was a dokkaebi.
–I naturally understand your feelings. Whether it is the Salvation members or other forces, we are all weak people. We are just victims of the scenario. In fact, you know. There is no point in fighting between us here! This is what the dokkaebi wants!
"Shut up! It was the Salvation Church who started fighting first!"
"Yes! Kill him!"
Jeon Ildo laughed lightly.
–Everyone, don't you know that the monsters are coming? Seoul will be destroyed if we fight.
"Then what are you going to do?"
–Everyone knows this is a scenario where we can live if the strongest incarnation sacrifices themselves.
The opaque exterior of the stadium became transparent and the interior started to show. There were two people standing on a stage with the gorgeous spotlight behind them.
–The two heroes who are coming forward for the incarnations of Seoul Dome! I will introduce you to the strongest incarnation candidates!
The Salvation members on the opposite side of the dome clapped loudly.
"Yoo Joonghyuk! Yoo Joonghyuk!"
"Nirvana! Nirvana!"
The incarnations seemed baffled by the sudden change of atmosphere.
"W-What is this?"
"Are they fighting already?"
I knew what they were thinking.
<&>「 What if we can clear the scenario like this? 」
<&>「 Regardless of whether it is the Salvation leader or the Supreme King, isn't it good for us if both of them die in this fight? 」
Every human was a coward. Nirvana knew when humans were the most cowardly. It was time for the 'unattainable future'. Some people had already died while others would fight back and find a way to live.
I approached the dome and hit the wall.
<!>[The incarnation 'Jeon Ildo' is using Fair Duel Lv. 3.]
<!>[All incarnations apart from those involved in the duel aren't allowed to enter the stage.]
…He used the stigma of Gwanghaegun. In this case, no one apart from Yoo Joonghyuk and Nirvana could physically get involved in the battle.
I spoke to Jung Heewon and Lee Jihye. "Kill Jeon Ildo!"
The next moment, something burst from inside the stadium. Finally, the battle between Yoo Joonghyuk and Nirvana started.
There was a gigantic screen above the dome that was created by the dokkaebi.
<@>[You are doing something interesting. I think it will be a fun fight so I'm prepared to let everyone see it.]
On the screen, I could see Yoo Joonghyuk's two swords and Nirvana's white magic power colliding.
Yoo Joonghyuk's Breaking the Sky Sword and Nirvana's Mandala caused a storm in the space.
Dozens of exchanges were done in a short amount of time. It was a cautious and elaborate battle.
They used Transmission or Succession to read the other person's skills and tried to gain an advantage. This was a confrontation between a regressor and a reincarnator.
It was Nirvana who moved first in earnest. Nirvana's mandala rotated quickly, spinning his magic power as a threat that attacked Yoo Joonghyuk's body.
Yoo Joonghyuk jumped high into the sky, avoiding the white magic power.
At first glance, it seemed like an endless number. It was because the white magic power acted according to his movements. Yoo Joonghyuk quickly spun his blades to hit the mandala's power but unfortunately missed two bundles.
Blood poured from his left shoulder and thigh. A loud sound emerged from the mouth of an incarnation. Jeon Ildo was making a fuss as he nervously fled from Jung Heewon.
–Ah, it will be like this?
However, Yoo Joonghyuk was calm. Yoo Joonghyuk jumped near the dome's ceiling and dived down while holding the Heavenly Sword of Gathering Clouds. Blue magic power was nestled in the sword but Nirvana was already finishing his defense.
"Come on, Yoo Joonghyuk!"
At this moment, the size of the Heavenly Sword of Gathering Clouds suddenly changed. It was transformed into a giant sword and started to grow to the size of a tall building.
Yoo Joonghyuk's arm holding the sword was the same. It was like the right arm of a giant god.
<!>[Giant Body Transformation.]
The surprised Nirvana tried to leave the range of the blade but it was already too late. The weight of the blade that split the sky literally fell onto Nirvana.
There was a huge roar and the entire stage was filled with dust.
"Kuooh!"
Nirvana was hit hard and lay in a deep pit made by Yoo Joonghyuk's sword. The incarnations exclaimed. Numerous arms had emerged from the mandala.
The Thousand Hands of Avalokiteśvara. The hands of the Bodhisattva were fighting against the giant sword. If it wasn't for the dome,the area would've been destroyed by the collision. All the incarnation were overwhelmed by the sight.
<&>「 This is a showdown between the strongest in Seoul. 」
The strongest… I somehow felt bitter. I swallowed the bitter taste and used Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.
On the surface, it seemed like a simple confrontation of strength but in this moment, there was a flow of thoughts between Nirvana and Yoo Joonghyuk.
Nirvana thought,
<&>「 Did the level of Mental Barrier go up? The magic power wavelength is becoming stronger. 」
<&>「 Your skill level is lower than I thought. What did you gain from Succession? 」
<&>「 You act like your left shoulder is hurt but that is a trap. 」
<&>「 Giant Body Transformation has a short duration. You should look at the whole of the match. 」
····.
It was a battlefield that only I could see. The two thoughts that didn't touch each other were depicting a battle that hadn't yet occurred.
I felt pure admiration and appreciated the view.
How much time passed?
I reached the 'result' of this confrontation faster than anyone in the dome. I jumped and headed to the rooftop of a nearby building overlooking the dome. Then I opened my mouth.
"Han Sooyoung. I know you are watching."
The space behind me split apart and Han Sooyoung appeared from the darkness. "…How did you know?"
Han Sooyoung was wearing a blue combat suit that clung to her body. Perhaps it was a hidden piece from Peace Land.
"You couldn't stay away after hearing the loudspeaker."
"Tsk."
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' shows its teeth towards you.]
As expected, Han Sooyoung chose her sponsor. Han Sooyoung approached me and sat on the railing. "It was fun. Why did you call me?"
"Why are you watching? Don't you want to clear the scenario?"
"Ah, I need to clearly know who the strongest is… wait. You know who it is?"
"I know."
"Who? Is it Yoo Joonghyuk?"
"No."
Han Sooyoung sighed with relief. "I'm glad. If that bastard dies, the world will go back. Now this isn't difficult.
Han Sooyoung pulled out a dagger. "The Salvation leader… are you going to kill him?"
I shook my head towards Han Sooyoung, who was going to descend. "He isn't the strongest."
"No? Then who? Who should I kill?"
I silently stared at Han Sooyoung. After a while, her eyes filled with disbelief. "…Don't tell me?"
I nodded. "Let's decorate the finale of this scenario."

***
