<title>Ch 524: Epilogue 1 - The World of Zero, VIII
Yoo Joonghyuk's [Splitting the Sky Sword] scythed through the air; it cut down the Constellations blocking his path, and sliced apart the Incarnations acting as their underlings.
Yoo Joonghyuk truly fought hard.
He was followed by the companions that broke past the scenarios together with him – Lee Jihye, Lee Hyunsung, Jung Heewon, Shin Yoosung, Kim Namwoon, Lee Seolhwa, Gong Pildu…
– System operation.
Seoul's 7 Kings were also together with them; King of Hidden Shadows Han Donghoon, King of Beauty Min Ji-Won.
– Go, Yoo Joonghyuk!
The King of Transcendents Jang Hayoung was also here, as well.
– We'll take care of this, Supreme King.
Not only them, but also Incarnations from other nations, such as Fei Hu and Ranvir Khan – and even his sworn enemy, Anna Croft helped him.
<!>[Constellation, 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband', is cheering on Incarnation Yoo Joonghyuk!]
<!>[Constellation, 'Demon-Like Judge of Fire', is…]
<!>[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon',…]
No other regression turn should be as complete as this one.
"Pacheonmaeng, we're moving out."
The Pacheonmaeng (破天盟). That was the name of the coalition Yoo Joonghyuk had created.
The conclusion I completed, as well as the blueprint laid out by the 1863rd turn's Han Sooyoung; Stories, the concentration of essence from all the regression turns found within the 'Ways of Survival', had begun telling their stories.
<!>[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', is talking a big game!]
<!>[Giant Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', has begun its storytelling!]
<!>[Giant Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', has begun its storytelling!]
It was as if every story happening up to now existed solely for this moment.
<@>[But, how…? You shouldn't be able to come here yet…!]
Eventually, they could see the astonished expression of the Dokkaebi King beyond the wreckage of the Final Ark. Yoo Joonghyuk and the members of Pacheonmang unhesitantly dashed towards him.
<@>[Oh, you foolish Incarnations! Killing me has no meaning whatsoever. If <Star Stream> is destroyed, then you'll all disappear, too. A world-line with its events concluded will be abandoned. No one wants to look at such a world-line!]
The Dokkaebi King resisted desperately. As if to prove that his words were right, he utilised every single Story he possessed to fight back. However, it was not enough; he vomited out Stories and knelt down. Even as he fell, he continued to grin.
<@>[It's all over. Soon, this world-line's destruction will commence. It's simply not feasible that the great one would wish for a story like this…]
However, contrary to his expectation, the destruction did not commence. The <Star Stream> was fine. The brows of Dokkaebi King shot up high.
<!>[<Star Stream>'s Final Scenario has been concluded.]
<@>[…Could it be…??]
During his final moments, Dokkaebi King looked behind him as if to comprehend a certain someone's gaze surely looking at him from beyond the expansive [Final Wall].
And right next moment, a line of text floated up over said wall.
⸢The legend of <Star Stream>, Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk.⸥
The title card rose up on the screen. And along with a 'Beep-!', it was turned off. The now-darkened panel reflected the view of a classroom and that of children sitting closely together.
Their sparkling eyes were all focused on the face of a certain man getting ready to start his lecture. He slowly opened his mouth.
"I'm Yoo Joonghyuk."

***

"Children really loved that, Joonghyuk-ssi. As expected, you're really great at teaching kids."
"…They all seemed bored by my dull story, however."
Lee Seolhwa grinned wryly at Yoo Joonghyuk's monotone voice.
"That's not true."
He put his coat on without showing any visible changes in his expression.
⸢It had already been five years after the scenario of the 0th world ended.⸥
After the scenarios ended, Yoo Joonghyuk and his companions began rebuilding the world.
Han Donghoon got in touch with the government and created a new governing structure, while Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon went around suppressing the acts of terror from the criminal organisations.
Lee Jihye defended the country's borders and helped out with reaching agreements with Incarnations from other nations, while Lee Seolhwa and Shin Yoosung rescued orphaned children who lost their parents to the scenarios. The institution called [Star Counting Night] had been created for that purpose.
While leaving the institute, Yoo Joonghyuk noticed the young children looking up at him. They were orphans created by the Constellations, but these kids would grow up while counting the disappeared stars.
"By the way, ahjussi?"
One of the children grasped the ends of Yoo Joonghyuk's clothing. He looked back and the child, having swallowed the brave pill, was now pointing at the older man's head.
"Grey hair."

***

At around the seven-year mark after the scenario's conclusion, Yoo Joonghyuk got married. His partner was Lee Seolhwa.
Lee Jihye dabbing away her tears, Gong Pildu officiating in the ceremony, Jung Heewon catching the bouquet… Shin Yoosung sneaked out of her university class and sang the congratulatory song.
They didn't have children of their own. Both of them didn't want to have any.
– There are too many children needing parents in this world already.
They established the institution and looked after the orphans. It was a decision that fit their personalities perfectly.
⸢Time continued to tick by; ten years, fifteen…⸥
Just like pages flipping past faster and faster in order to reach the conclusion, the time flow of the 0th turn continued to march forward relentlessly. Yoo Joonghyuk grew older, just as he should.
More specifically, only he grew old – all because of an attribute he picked up while clearing the scenarios.
The legendary attribute, [Life Lived to Its Fullest].
During his one thousand-plus regression turn, Yoo Joonghyuk never once used this skill. It was an attribute that a regressor like him had no use for.
⸢An attribute that, at the cost of living a fixed lifespan, fully unleashes the user's latent talents.⸥
However, the current him was from the 0th turn. He had no experience earned through regressions to fall back on, nor did have much of a talent to speak of, either. And that was why he had to choose this attribute. Because only through this particular attribute could he be able to clear the remaining scenarios.
"Master, how old are you this year?" Lee Jihye asked.
"I've already forgotten about such things as my age."
"Mm, it's been 20 years since the scenarios ended, so… Oh my god. It's already…"
"Humans all grow old and die."
"Argh, master. Seriously…!"
As long as the <Star Stream>'s system existed, immortality wasn't an impossible dream. It wasn't uncommon to see beings that lived for hundreds, sometimes for thousands of years just like the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint or Kyrgios. Not only that, if you compiled enough Stories and became a Constellation, you could literally enjoy everlasting life. However, Yoo Joonghyuk didn't do that.
⸢Stories without sacrifices do not exist.⸥
The night sky where the Bureau no longer existed, and Constellations had fallen. While staring at such a sky, Yoo Joonghyuk continued to live in this world's days and nights.
⸢Then, 25 years later.⸥
And eventually, on a certain day after his hair had grown completely grey, he left the city.
"Captain, will you really seclude yourself in a backwater place like this??" Shin Yoosung asked.
"I don't enjoy noisy things."
"But, what about Seolhwa eonni??"
Yoo Joonghyuk wordlessly polished his [Splitting the Sky Sword].
In a world with nothing left to cut down, arduously devoting himself to the ways of the sword that had lost its purpose – that was Yoo Joonghyuk's chosen method of utilising his remaining life.
"Stuff like training in the ways of the sword can be done back in the Compl…"
Shin Yoosung couldn't finish her sentence, however. The clear surface of the [Splitting the Sky Sword]'s blade reflected Yoo Joonghyuk's face. No one would think of him as a man in his 60s. Despite that…
Yoo Joonghyuk would definitely die later. And Lee Seolhwa, left all alone, would have to carry on living a long, long life without him by her side.
Shin Yoosung's lips bobbed up and down several times, and just as she finally managed to open them fully, Kim Namwoon butted in first.
"Supreme King, you're now all decrepit and stuff! I guess I can finally win against you this year, right?"
He shouted out triumphantly and unfurled the bandages off his fist, then dashed towards Yoo Joonghyuk.
"Ku-waaaaahk!! My arm! My arrrrm! No, wait! My eyes!!"
Kim Namwoon was flung away in one hit; he moaned in pain and collapsed on the ground.
Companions snickered softly; the sounds of Jung Heewon and Lee Hyunsung holding hands and chatting away; the figures of Lee Jihye and Shin Yoosung bickering with each other…
I stared at all these scenes and at the same time, read the sentence overlapping above them.
⸢Maybe, I could have witnessed similar sights and sounds as this one.⸥
It might have been a bit different, though; <Star Stream> had been destroyed and the influence of its system was weakening in the world I used to live in, after all.
The people of my world would grow old, just like Yoo Joonghyuk here. And amidst my companions steadily growing older, I too would have grown old as well.
Yoo Joonghyuk's grey hair danced in the air as he watched his companions leave.
His back remained straight and tall even in his advanced age. His skin still retained its elasticity, and muscles on his arms were still strong.
Even then, his eyes no longer gleamed brightly like in the past.
⸢Kim Dok ja y ou 've be en here for too l ong⸥ [The Fourth Wall] addressed me. ⸢Wh en sta ying ins ide one dr eam for too l ong, it g e t s har der⸥
I understood what it was saying.
I was the 'Oldest Dream', and I had a duty to pay attention to all the worlds equally. However, I couldn't easily let go of this 0th turn. It felt to me that, if this story were to end here, then all the tragedies would begin anew, somehow.
In that case, if I continue to hold onto this story for as long as I can…
"Demon King of Salvation," Yoo Joonghyuk raised his head to look at me. "Are you still curious about my story?"
I hesitated a little before replying.
<!>[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', replies he still is.]
"This world is no longer mired in scenarios. There are no stimulations, nor any irregularities. Yet, why do you still wish to watch this story?"
<!>[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', replies that this is the story he wanted to see in the first place.]
"You're truly a strange creature."
Stories began rising up from behind Yoo Joonghyuk.
<!>[Story, 'King of a Kingless World', is looking at the 'Demon King of Salvation.]
<!>[Story, 'Demon Realm's Spring', is looking at the 'Demon King of Salvation.]
<!>[Story, 'Season of Light and Darkness', is looking at the 'Demon King of Salvation.]
Stories were telling their stories while looking at me. The very same Stories that I earned once upon a time. Memories they had built up were now unfolding behind Yoo Joonghyuk's back.
The world that I designed, the one that Yoo Joonghyuk brought to reality. The 0th turn's story, completed in this manner.
"Sometimes, this peace feels like an illusion… And every now and then, I get the feeling that my life has been completed by someone else."
<!>[Constellation, 'Demon King of Salvation', is…]
"I didn't mean to say I'm unhappy."
Yoo Joonghyuk smiled faintly.
I dazedly stared at him for a moment there, having finally learned that he was capable of such a smile.
"I was always worried about how I should live my life."
While lightly wielding the sword in the air, Yoo Joonghyuk continued on. Every one of his sword swings contained his Story. The Incarnation who knew how to shrewdly apply the set rules, that was him. Yoo Joonghyuk might have spent his life fighting the system, but in all honesty, he was someone who'd shine even brighter when that very system was in play.
"A fight that can't be won holds no meaning to me."
His ability to analyse the situation faster than anyone, his quick wit allowing him to clearly calculate the gains and losses, and his talent at deciphering the advantages and disadvantages in a battle.
"However, I've grown curious lately. What would've happened to me if you didn't help? What kind of a life would I have lived if I didn't win?"
I knew better than anyone what kind of a life Yoo Joonghyuk lived after failing the 0th turn.
I knew all too well what would happen to him, what kind of a life he'd live, and the kind of ending he'd witness.
"You probably are aware of it already. I do not have much time left to live."
