<title>Ch 327: Ep. 61 - Gigantomachia, VII
"Lee Sookyung."
Yoo Joonghyuk was there. The image that followed was the masters' necks being pierced. The lifeless bodies crashed to the ground.
"…I didn't expect to get your help."
Yoo Joonghyuk ran with a blank expression and Lee Sookyung on his back. Lee Sookyung didn't say anything but she could see where he was heading. Perhaps he was looking for the medical staff of this industrial complex.
"Thank you."
The words spilled out and Yoo Joonghyuk replied indifferently. "Don't say anything that isn't in your heart. I know you dislike me."
"Of course, I dislike you. I hate you. You are the person who took my role."
"I don't know what that means."
In Lee Sookyung's head, time flowed slowly. She heard that it should move quickly… then why? Was it because it was hard and difficult?
"…I've known you from a long time ago. That kid often talked about you. He came to visit his mother in prison and only talked about this."
–This time, he challenged the 12 gods of Olympus.
The young face of Kim Dokja as he talked happily. Many thoughts had floated on this child's face.
Yoo Joonghyuk spoke like he felt Lee Sookyung's heart rate slowing down. "Lee Sookyung. Don't let go of your mind."
Lee Sookyung barely maintained her blurring consciousness. She continued to be drowsy on Yoo Joonghyuk's back. "In any case, at least once… I wanted to thank you."
"You are saying things that I can't understand."
The back that was now carrying her had actually carried her son. The middle school Kim Dokja and the high school Kim Dokja. He was the support. He raised the child she couldn't carry. He made the child live.
–I thought that I wanted to be like him.
However, she was the one who wanted to be the owner of that back, more than anyone else.
–Then… what did Yoo Joonghyuk do next? Are you curious Mother?
Her son's words continued throughout the visitation that only lasted 10 minutes.
–Yes, I'm curious.
The two people spoke and listened with a wall between them. A story with adventure and life. The story of someone who wasn't related to her or her son, but who lived hard. It was like talking through a wall.
The two people talked about Ways of Survival during those days. The fictional story was their only possession. Now that story had become reality and was carrying her.
Lee Sookyung murmured in a soft voice, "I was finally living my life…"
"Don't tell me."
Yoo Joonghyuk's back was wet with blood. Lee Sookyung's complexion was gradually fading. There were still sparks of probability around her. In her damaged flesh, the stories she had accumulated were evaporating. In order to conceal it, Lee Sookyung purposefully asked about things she knew. "Where are your parents?"
"I was told they died in an accident."
"You don't sound sad."
"I can't grieve what I can't remember."
Lee Sookyung knew. He didn't remember because it wasn't in the original novel. Everything about Yoo Joonghyuk was just a character setting. From the beginning, Yoo Joonghyuk's parents didn't exist.
Lee Sookyung hesitated for a moment. "Yes, humans are like this. Do you think I remember all my childhood?"
"…Is it memory loss?"
"Everyone gets memory loss. Little by little, we will forget our memories and one day, we will forget everything."
Lee Sookyung knew that her words wouldn't reach Yoo Joonghyuk. A regressor who had lived three rounds. For an immortal man who would live an unknown amount of time in the future, her words would be lighter than the weight of dust.
Yoo Joonghyuk spoke, "Sometimes I remember things. I remember someone watching me."
It was the first time Lee Sookyung heard this story and she wondered, "…Who was watching you?"
"I don't know either. There was a gaze watching me for a long time. There were times when I often felt the gaze."
After Yoo Joonghyuk's words were over, Lee Sookyung didn't talk for a long time. There was a long silence before Lee Sookyung laid her hands on Yoo Joonghyuk's head and spoke in a gentle voice.
"Maybe it was your parents."
Lee Sookyung stared up at the sky. Numerous constellations were watching them. Her flesh was breaking. She felt the stories gradually pouring away from her body. Her vision was blurry as Lee Sookyung kept trying to watch the sky. It was as if she was trying to find a star somewhere.
"Lee Sookyung?"
Lee Sookyung's answer was no longer heard.

***

There was a bloody wind blowing in the theme park where the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint appeared. Since Achilles' head was blown off as a demonstration, several constellations rushed forward in succession but received the same fate.
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's fists were covered in red.
<@>[You want to recreate Gigantomachia with just this?]
The scared participants hesitated when the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's voice rang out.
Han Sooyoung and the party members watched the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint from the fortress they were hiding behind. Lee Jihye spoke, "We don't need to help."
"Can't we just hide here?" Lee Gilyoung added.
Han Sooyoung murmured while chewing on candy. "This doesn't make sense. Can a giant be so strong in Gigantomachia?"
It was an indisputable fact that the giants were strong. However, this was Gigantomachia, a scenario where the giants were defeated. In this scenario, the giants weren't able to use their strength due to the influence of Stage Transformation. Furthermore, against a hero like Achilles…
<@>[…I underestimated this half-breed giant.]
The forgotten Achilles, whose head had been destroyed, was waking up.
<!>[The constellation 'Troy's Sorrow' has invoked the Immortal Hero stigma!]
His crushed head was restored and the blood pouring from his body stopped.
<&>「 Achilles won't die until Achilles' heel is cut. 」
This was the strongest skill of the hero Achilles. The regenerated Achilles was larger than before. His height reached over three metres and the surrounding incarnations muttered. "…Giant?"
Achilles' body became as big as a giant. The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint asked,
<@>[Are you a giant half-breed?]
<@>[…]
<@>[How funny. A person who inherited the blood of the giants became a servant of Olympus?]
<@>[I'm not a giant. I am Olympus' hero, Achilles!]
Han Sooyoung watched the collision between the two giants and understood why Stage Transformation hadn't activated yet. Achilles was a hero of Olympus but he wasn't a source of Gigantomachia in the past. Moreover, he was a mixed-blood giant like the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.
A shockwave created by the clash between giants shook the theme park. Achilles touched the palm of his hand like he couldn't believe it.
<@>[Why does a half-breed have this power? I've never heard of your name. What type of story do you have…?!]
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint stared at the sky without speaking.
<@>[My distant blood is said to have been castrated by the sky.]
She was transcendent. Unlike other constellations, she only had a few stories because she pursued the highest strength. There was only one path she had ever walked.
<!>[The story 'Path of Breaking the Sky' has started!]
It was the power to break the sky, which gave her the name of Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. An indirect message was heard as stories flowed steadily from the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.
<!>[The power to break through the sky is favoured by the 'Breaking the Sky Sword Saint'.]
<!>[The strength of Breaking the Sky is opened!]
Achilles was astonished by the message.
<@>[A giant who breaks the sky? Don't tell me…!]
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint opened her mouth.
<@>[You will have the same fate.]
There was a terrible aura flowing from the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's body. It happened the moment the faltering incarnations stepped back. A large horn sound was heard from somewhere.
<!>[The nebula 'Olympus' is in full swing!]
In the distance, a ship was coming from the sea. It was Argo.
<!>[Giant Story 'Fellowship of Heroes' has started!]
The incarnations discovered a giant ship moving across the water and screamed. It was because they knew who was riding the ship.
"The heroes! The real heroes are coming!"
"The constellations of Gigantomachia!"
The real heroes who fought in Gigantomachia, unlike Achilles, were coming. There were also constellations flying in the sky.
The narrative-grade constellations of Olympus. It was a power that was not comparable to Achilles.
<!>[The Star Stream has announced the opening of the new stage.]
Finally, the Stage Transformation was going to begin. The momentum of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint started to rise sharply. Achilles regained his courage and laughed at the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.
<@>[Hahaha! Young giant. You don't know the calamity you have brought! You…!]
However, he couldn't finish his words. It was because someone popped out from another portal and destroyed his head. Achilles collapsed to the ground after his head was burst twice in a row. The man knocked down Achilles and didn't hesitate to cut his heel.
<!>[The constellation 'Troy's Sorrow' has died in pain.]
Achilles' giant body dispersed. Han Sooyoung laughed as she saw the white coat blowing in the wind. "Shit, you should've come quicker."
Kim Dokja had returned from the Underworld. Kim Dokja sighed lightly and looked at the party members. "Kim Dokja's Company. Are you ready?"
Kung! Kung! Kung! Kung!
Heavy footsteps were heard from somewhere. There was a deafening roar from the ground as countless mountains appeared in the sky. The giant mountains sprang up and destroyed the theme park.
On the edge of a mountain, Kim Dokja declared, "Now, let's start the real Gigantomachia."
