<title>Ch 520: Epilogue 1 - The World of Zero, IV
Han Sooyoung continued to experience this weird feeling every single day for the last three months. It all started rather innocuously, though.
– Yoo Joonghyuk, did you know?
– Know what?
– That guy, he enjoys his tomatoes now.
At first, she dismissed it as just a trivial little change. Scenarios were over now, so the dude must be changing bit by bit too, or so she thought.
– Hey, Kim Dokja. Why are you so absent-minded lately?
– Uh? Uhm…
– By the way, are you sure that the scenarios are really over? Why isn't the system gone? You can still use your skills, right?
– Mm… It might take a little while longer for everything to go away.
The scenarios were over, but the world didn't immediately revert back to normal. As if, there was a story that hadn't ended yet. The proof of that was how people still could use their skills or Stigmata.
– To be more specific, you can't say that everything is over until we find the 'original author' of that novel first.
Han Sooyoung agreed with Yoo Joonghyuk's opinion. It was possible that this world existed because the 'Oldest Dream' read the 'Ways of Survival' in the first place.
Before all that, though, was the author who penned the novel in question. Meaning, this story would end only after they found that creature first.
– Just who is tls123? We came up with a few guesses so far, but they were all wrong, right? The most plausible candidate, 'Oldest Dream', didn't look like the author either, and… hey, Kim Dokja. What do you think?
The one with the highest likelihood of solving this quandary was Kim Dokja, the reader that managed to read through all 3149 chapters of 'Ways of Survival'.
However, his reply was this.
– Uh… I wonder. Well, I kinda wonder if that's really important, now that we've come this far…
Other people could say that, fine. However, he was none other than Kim Dokja, the sole reader who read the entirety of 'Ways of Survival' till its end.
He was Kim Dokja, the greatest reader Han Sooyoung ever knew.
"Speak. Who the hell are you?"
That's why Han Sooyoung began wondering.
⸢If Kim Dokja before my eyes is a fake, then…⸥
"Sooyoung-ssi! What are you…!"
Just as the voice of Lee Hyunsung rushing in reached here, Shin Yoosung grabbed onto Han Sooyoung's wrist.
"What do you think you're doing??"
"Noona!"
It was the same for Lee Gilyoung, as well. The boy awkwardly blocked her front and looked up at her with nervous eyes. The atmosphere of the companions changed drastically once they discovered her sharp dagger.
"Eonni, can you explain yourself?"
Lee Jihye had put down the kitchen knife and before anyone noticed it, was standing next to Han Sooyoung while gripping her Twin Dragon Sword.
Lee Seolhwa was completely taken aback, while Jung Heewon's eyes were narrowed to slits. And Yoo Sangah, calmly observing the unfolding situation unlike the others, was seen next.
Han Sooyoung thought about something for a little while, then let go of Kim Dokja's collars while spitting out a long sigh. He plopped down powerlessly and looked up at her like a guilty man.
"This guy isn't Kim Dokja. I'm not talking about anyone else but Kim Dokja here. No way he can't remember that thing."
"What are you talking about?"
"The 'Ways of Survival'."
After hearing that, the companions all simultaneously looked at Kim Dokja's face – at Kim Dokja, who used to talk non-stop about the 'Ways of Survival' every day.
As if she was a lecturer trying to explain a migraine-inducing problem, Han Sooyoung held her head and began laying out her case in a calm, logical manner. And even decided to add this at the end, too.
"What I said just now wasn't from the 'Ways of Survival', but something from my own novel. There aren't any scenes of the companions enjoying their meal by the Han River in the 'Ways of Survival'."
"How do you know that, eonni? Did you actually read that novel, too?"
"Just the early parts. At least, I know for sure that no such scenes appear during the third regression turn."
That prompted Jung Heewon to retort. "Isn't it possible to be mistaken about something like that? From the get-go, remembering every event happening in such a huge novel is…"
"It is possible if it's Kim Dokja. Did you all forget how we managed to wrangle our way through the scenarios? And you really think that Kim Dokja can't remember?" Han Sooyoung turned towards Kim Dokja and growled menacingly. "Hey, you. Tell me how many times Yoo Joonghyuk killed Asmodeus."
Her question simply caused Kim Dokja to dazedly look up at her face. She scowled deeply, but just before she could go on another tirade, his lips opened first.
"Han Sooyoung."
His voice sounded flat, monotonous. For a moment there, a certain expectation of 'maybe…' flashed past by Han Sooyoung's eyes. And then…
"My bad, but I really can't remember. I haven't been reading the 'Ways of Survival' lately, so…"
"Look, look! This punk, he's not Kim Dokja…!"
"Ahjussi."
The one to step in front of the dagger-brandishing Han Sooyoung was Shin Yoosung. As if she was trying to mould a clay pot, she held Kim Dokja's hand with both of hers and asked him. "Do you remember what I wanted to eat by the Han River?"
The hands of Yoo Joonghyuk standing not too far away and silently preparing the food came to a halt; the food wasn't finished yet.
Kim Dokja replied immediately. "It's pizza and Cola."
"Hyung! Me! What about me?"
"Gilyoung-ie? You wanted to eat chicken by the sea. My bad. We'll definitely go to the seaside next time, okay?"
Lee Gilyoung's and Shin Yoosung's tearful eyes were now glaring at Han Sooyoung.
She frowned deeply. "Hold up. Your questions are too easy. With only that, you can't…"
That prompted Jung Heewon to step forward this time. "Dokja-ssi. What's the name of my sword?"
"The Judge's Sword. I struggled so hard to get all the materials for it, too."
"Dokja-ssi, do you remember the very first item you gave me?"
"It was an aged iron shield, wasn't it?"
The companions then began their barrage of questions as if it was a competition. Even Gong Pildu got in on the act, too.
"Oii, do you remember the penalty fee you paid me during the Chungmuro scenario?"
"But, I didn't pay anything?"
"You son of a bitch. You better cough up or…!"
"Ahjussi, you told me this before, right? Jihye-yah~, to be honest, I think you're the prettiest among all the Kim-Com members."
"I never said that."
Lee Jihye muttered "Dang it," under her breath.
"…He's Dokja ahjussi, alright."
There was this vague sense of relief blooming on the expressions of the group.
Kim Dokja observing this situation spoke up. "I don't know what's suddenly gotten into you, but I'm definitely Kim Dokja. And Han Sooyoung, why are you…"
"Hey, do you even remember how many regression turns there are in the 'Ways of Survival'?"
"Sooyoung-ah." Jung Heewon couldn't let this go on any longer and stepped forward. "I don't know why you're acting like this, but we're on a rare outing together, so please do it in moderation."
"That's right, Sooyoung-ssi. There must've been some kind of a misunderstanding…"
"…Misunderstanding??" Han Sooyoung's hand gripping the dagger trembled ever so slightly. "Hey, Yoo Joonghyuk!! Don't you have anything to say?!"
Yoo Joonghyuk chopping up veggies in silence heard her call and shifted his disinterested eyes towards Han Sooyoung. Then, he shifted his gaze over to Kim Dokja, before glancing at the rest of the companions. Finally, he turned his attention back to the cutting board.
After observing that chain of events, Han Sooyoung's shoulders began trembling non-stop. "Y-you, really…"
Her head dropped, and that's how she spotted a can of beer rolling on the floor. She picked it up and popped the lid open, then drank it all in one go. She wiped her lips in anger and spoke up.
"Screw it… Fine, sure. I'm the lone weirdo among you, is that how it is?"
Maybe that one can wasn't enough, she proceeded to pop the lid on another one.
"Fine. I know it's been difficult for everyone, trying to break past the scenarios. I know full well that you're too tired to think, and now you just wanna kick back and relax. You think I don't wanna do that, too? I also wanna take it easy."
Along with the 'Puh-shushuk!' noise, beer foams bubbled up vigorously.
"But then, you idiots, you really think this Kim Dokja is the real deal?"
"Han Sooyoung."
"Shut up. Don't call me by my name."
Her cheeks were getting somewhat flushed now. Meanwhile, the Story of [Predictive Plagiarism] was creaking into gear inside her head.
⸢It's possible that the companions are right. She's wrong, and it's totally possible that this Kim Dokja is the real thing.⸥
Han Sooyoung knew – just because he failed to remember a couple of scenes from the 'Ways of Survival', could she really use that to argue this Kim Dokja wasn't really Kim Dokja?
The current her acted too hastily. She failed to be logical.
Even then, Han Sooyoung couldn't stop her emotions. Even as she herself failed to understand the reason behind her own strong reaction, she continued to mutter on.
"The 'Kim Dokja' I remember is…"
…He was a man who could patiently read a boring novel filled with a ton of exposition that lasted well over three thousand chapters.
⸢"In the future when all the scenarios have ended, I may want to get back to writing novels again. When that happens, read my novel, okay?"⸥
A man who loved stories more than anyone in this whole world.
⸢"Fine, fine. I'll definitely read it."⸥
"But, it might be over three thousand chapters?"
"That's probably right up my alley, then."
"It might be boring, too."
"It's you writing it, so that's not possible, you know."
Such Kim Dokja might forget about other things, but no way he'd forget about the 'Ways of Survival'.
Was this the fault of the alcohol? It felt as if the heat was gradually spreading even more inside her head.
⸢If this 'Kim Dokja' is a fake, what does that signify?⸥
A trickery of the original author tls123? Or…
"Han Sooyoung, why don't we stop there, and…"
A certain hypothesis popped up in her head as she looked at the expressions of her companions.
If what the Dokkaebi King said was the truth, then this world was nothing more than the delusion of the 'Oldest Dream'. Meaning, this world existed because 'he' continued to dream. But now, the 'Oldest Dream' was no more; he disappeared along with the 'Secretive Plotter,' as well as the characters from the 999th turn.
⸢In that case, how can this world continue to exist?⸥
This was a truly horrifying hunch. One that should never become reality. And perhaps, a hunch that had already become their reality.
The beer can in her hand fell and rolled around on the ground. Half-consumed liquor spilt out among the other similar-styled cans also rolling around on the floor. She stared at her can, now almost empty, and muttered out in a trance-like state.
"What if… this 'Kim Dokja' is an 'Avatar'…"
"Sooyoung-ssi! What's suddenly gotten into you, saying stuff like…!"
"You think I'm doing this for fun?!"
Her serious voice caused the expressions on several companions to change. Those that turned back all carried similar kind of looks on their faces now.
Han Sooyoung.
The only Incarnation among the group that possessed both the [Predictive Plagiarism] as well as [Avatar] skills. It was her who took on the role of the Nebula's brain whenever Kim Dokja wasn't around.
And her judgement was rarely, if ever, wrong.
Lee Hyunsung slowly turned his head to stare at Kim Dokja. Next up was Jung Heewon, followed by Lee Jihye. One by one, all the gazes were focusing on him now.
⸢What if Han Sooyoung's words are correct…⸥
A faint crack was spreading within their minds, an opening created by a very minute suspicion.
It was enough of an opening for Han Sooyoung, though. "Whether he's really an 'Avatar' or not, there is a simple way to find out."
By the time Jung Heewon felt the ominous foreboding, Han Sooyoung was already gone from her spot.
"Han Sooyoung!"
Lee Jihye unsheathed her sword as fast as a bolt of lightning and rushed forward, but by then, Han Sooyoung was already only a few steps away from Kim Dokja. As the incredulous torrent of winds stormed in, Shin Yoosung let out an explosion of Dragon Howling; Lee Gilyoung's insects were wrapping around Han Sooyoung's ankles like chains, while Lee Hyunsung dashed in to cover Kim Dokja's figure.
Even then, Han Sooyoung didn't stop.
"The dude who'll get to read my novel…"
Strings flying out from Yoo Sangah's hand restrained Han Sooyoung's waist, and Jung Heewon belatedly making her move managed to grab hold of her target's back. But, even as all these events were going down simultaneously, Han Sooyoung's dagger had already left her hand.
"…isn't you."
Splat!
The sound of something splitting up resounded out next.
