<title>Ch 173: Ep. 33 - Reading Again, IV
Sparks wrapped around my body as I felt the signs of a probability storm. This was a big burden for a single constellation not of the narrative-grade to bear.
I thought the records of how Cheok Jungyeong faced an army alone were exaggerated. However, rather than an exaggeration, the stories had been reduced.
In fact, Cheok Jungyeong had become much stronger than what was written in Earth's records after becoming a constellation. In other words, there were sword masters who would become nervous just hearing about this constellation.
Still, I had to endure it. If I couldn't withstand the spirit of Cheok Jungyeong, I couldn't break the 100 Days Seal.
<!>[Your 'status' is currently sealed.]
<!>[Your main skills are currently sealed.]
<!>[Time remaining: 100 days]
The 100 Days Seal, which could be carried out by the three highest beings of the constellation 'Hongik', was the highest-grade seal that sealed up the target's abilities.
<@>[Eat garlic and mugwort and endure for 100 days.]
Of course, this seal wasn't necessarily a bad thing. If I could eat garlic and mugwort for 100 days, I could receive Hwanin's blessing and wake up the potential of my body.
However, now I didn't have enough time. Han Sooyoung watched the garlic and mugwort pouring from the sky and asked, "Hey, isn't it almost done?"
"The power is so strong that it is hard to control. Just wait."
I took a deep breath and controlled my magic power. Cheok Jungyeong lent me strength in response to my call but didn't say anything in his true voice. He just handed me some of his strength, as if saying 'try it if you are confident'.
As a result, I had been controlling the story that had been running wild for 30 minutes. It seemed like my whole body would burst.
I watched the grumbling Han Sooyoung and suddenly became annoyed. "This is all because of you. This wouldn't have happened if you didn't use me as a shield."
"I didn't do it on purpose."
"Do you expect me to believe that? Based on what you have always done…"
It seemed like many complaints had piled up and I couldn't help nagging. How many minutes had passed?
Han Sooyoung slowly got fed up and shouted, "Ah, I apologize! Yes, I used you as a shield. What do you want me to do?"
I wanted to say she was brazen-faced but then a presence suddenly intervened.
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' interrupts with a cough.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' says that Han Sooyoung never used you as a shield.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' says your death is your responsibility.]
Han Sooyoung shouted, "Hey, you shut up and stay still! Saying unnecessary…!"
"What does he mean?"
"It is nonsense. Don't worry about it."
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' claims that Han Sooyoung didn't protect your heart to protect your black fire dragon.]
…My black fire dragon?
"That's why I…" Han Sooyoung hesitated before starting to talk. "I mean, Jeon Woochi's attack… flew to that place."
"…Hah."
I was so dumbfounded that I forgot the important situation and sighed. Han Sooyoung hesitated as she stared into my eyes and bit her lips. "That… you would be a bit unhappy if you lost that function so… I shifted the direction."
"That's why it hit my heart?"
"…Well, there is such a story."
It was an absurd story. Han Sooyoung didn't wait to see how I accepted it and added swiftly.
"I-I didn't have any strange thoughts. Don't be mistaken. The Black Flame Dragon bastard was shouting that I should protect the whale…"
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is looking at his constellation with embarrassment and agitation.]
I sighed lightly and said, "…I don't care about that. Just protect my heart well next time."
Han Sooyoung made a surprised look at my words and nodded. An awkward atmosphere briefly flowed.
Han Sooyoung seriously considered something and opened her mouth. "By the way Kim Dokja, I have a question…"
"What is it?"
"Why does he call it the black flame dragon?"

***

'That guy… he was very small when he was a child'.
Lee Sookyung was immersed in her memories as she gazed at the dark and desolate plains of Dark Castle.
How much time did it take to get here?
There were no easy scenarios and all plans were half-distorted or broken. How many times had she experienced the crisis of death due to insufficient information?
'It was especially dangerous when I met Nirvana'.
The reincarnator. Lee Sookyung never thought that such a being could exist in the world. Well, it was abnormal for a novel to become reality in the first place.
She turned around and saw Cho Youngran, the incarnation of Jeon Woochi.
"Your Majesty."
"Stop it with that title."
"…Sookyung-ssi."
Cho Youngran had a complicated gaze.
'It is no wonder,' Lee Sookyung thought.
Cho Youngran was the only wanderer who knew all her circumstances. "You didn't need to fight him. If you were honest about why you wrote the book…"
"Being honest is harder than fighting. Especially when it is between a parent and child."
In fact, she had the conversation with Kim Dokja because of Cho Youngran's suggestion.
Cho Youngran kept pressing. "Now is the age where he can accept the truth. He isn't the 10 year old boy you knew."
"For me, he is just a child. It doesn't matter if he is 30 or 40 years old."
"…It is the pride of a parent."
Pride…
That's right, it was pride. Lee Sookyung lowered her eyes. "At first, I tried to show courage. I tried to tell the truth."
"…"
"However, after I looked into his eyes… it felt like an excuse for me to enter his life."
Reality was different from a novel. A wounded person might be saved but a wounded person. wouldn't heal that easily.
"I don't know if that child really needs the truth. Maybe it was what I needed. I didn't want to stay as a bad mother…"
She became crooked herself to protect Kim Dokja. She became like this as a result of her own love.
<&>「 Incarnation Kim Dokja will be killed by the person he loves most. 」
Lee Sookyung recalled the moment when she first heard of her child's fate from Yoo Sangah. The fate of Olympus would surely be realized.
"…The child will understand you one day."
In order to find out how to save her son, Lee Sookyung gave three days and three nights to the Founder's Mother.
Three SSS-grade items were offered as a tribute to Hongik and she also gave 20 years of her life. In return, she was able to steal a line of fate that Olympus had hidden.
<&>「If he doesn't go to the next scenario, Incarnation Kim Dokja can live. 」
Lee Sookyung smiled. "Have all the troops gathered?"
"Yes. They are all assembled."
On the edge of the plains, the group of wanderers she led were gathered. They were all here because they believed in her. Lee Sookyung opened the main scenario window.
+
[Main Scenario #9 - 73rd Demon King]
Category: Main
Difficulty level: SS
Clear Conditions: You are eligible to participate in the last scenario of Dark Castle. Gather four rankers to go up to the third floor of Dark Castle and enter the final scenario.
Time Limit: 30 days
Compensation: 100,000 coin
Failure: ― Death
* Your current Dark Castle ranking is 2nd place.
* Only incarnations within the top 10 of the rankings can challenge the final scenario with you.
+
Lee Sookyung glanced at Cho Youngran. She currently had two of the top 10 rankers. They were Cho Youngran and Lee Boksoon. In order to complete the scenario and challenge the final floor of Dark Castle, two more rankers were needed.
Cho Youngran said, "They are coming."
An army was pushing from the other side of the Abyss Plains. They came from Paradise. She saw a familiar face at the head of the army.
Lee Sookyung greeted one of the people in the opposing force. "Yoo Sangah-ssi. It's been a while."
"Ah! Really, I'm really glad… you are alive! Dokja-ssi…"
"We can talk about it later."
Lee Sookyung looked at the party across from her.
'From left to right, it is Lee Hyunsung, Shin Yoosung, Jung Heewon, Lee Jihye and Lee Gilyoung'.
She heard about Lee Hyunsung, Shin Yoosung and Lee Jihye from Kim Dokja but she had never heard of Lee Gilyoung and Jung Heewon. Perhaps they were new people her son had recruited, regardless of the original novel.
'It would've been a lot easier if there were only original characters. Stupid fool'.
As a child, Kim Dokja did many unpredictable things. Therefore, Lee Sookyung had believed that her child would become an artist.
"The King of Wanderers."
The voice came from the person she had been waiting for. It was a person she heard a lot about from her son while she was in prison. She never imagined she would see him in person.
"Yoo Joonghyuk."
Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk. The protagonist of this story opened his mouth. "Why did you want to see me here?"
"I have decided to end this scenario."
Yoo Joonghyuk glanced next to Lee Sookyung and asked, "Are you also collecting the four heavenly kings?"
"Four heavenly kings?"
"You need four rankers to go to the next scenario. Don't you know?"
"Ah… yes, that's right. I'm collecting them. I guess they are called the four heavenly kings. I can't keep up with the trendy words of children these days."
Yoo Joonghyuk's eyebrows twitched at Lee Sookyung's words. "You have a twisted mind."
"You are a shrewd child."
The eyes of the two people met and waves of energy bounced wildly. Just by exchanging looks, Lee Sookyung could get a vague glimpse of Yoo Joonghyuk's power.
It was transcendent. He had to be at this level to be the protagonist of the story.
Lee Sookyung took a short breath and opened her mouth. "I want to hold hands with you. Let's gather the remaining rankers together."
"…Rankers?"
"Yes. Isn't your goal to save this world? You need the most powerful lineup of incarnations as possible if you want to clear the next scenario. I can help you. My sponsor is Founder's Mother."
Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes slightly tensed up at the words 'Founder's Mother'. However, it was just for a moment. The words that came out from Yoo Joonghyuk's mouth were completely unexpected. "Where is Kim Dokja?"
"…Why are you looking for him?"
"I heard you took him."
"So why?"
Lee Sookyung had a strange feeling at his dismissive attitude towards her suggestion. It was a disturbing feeling that only a mother with a child could detect.
She wondered, "Surely you aren't going to include that child in your four heavenly kings?"
"I'm not obliged to answer that."
"Your personality is exactly the same as what he said."
"…Kim Dokja told you my story?"
"He did. He told me a lot."
She stared into Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes and Lee Sookyung's suspicions increased.
Lee Sookyung asked, "I heard that you handed the Paradise achievement to my son. Why did you do that?"
"He can save the world if he grows stronger."
"Aha, you are going to use him for 'that'?"
Lee Sookyung deliberately emphasized a word. It was a relaxed tone, as if she already knew it.
Then Yoo Joonghyuk replied, "Kim Dokja is necessary for this world. I need him."
"…"
"He will be my companion and he will see the end of the scenario."
Lee Sookyung's expression slowly hardened. Companion? The voice of her young son appeared in her mind.
–That jerk, he is a complete psychopath.
–He knows nothing but how to use people. -He will do whatever it takes to reach his goal.
"This is strange. The Yoo Joonghyuk I heard about will never talk like you."
"Does your family like to talk as if they know someone well?"
Yoo Joonghyuk pulled out his sword. It was a hard attitude that showed no more dialogue was needed.
"Give me Kim Dokja. Then I will spare you."
Lee Sookyung stared into Yoo Joonghyuk's blazing eyes and recalled her son's voice. Despite his many complaints, her son always looked somewhat excited.
–But the story won't continue without him. Ways of Survival is such a novel.
At this moment, enlightenment filled Lee Sookyung's head.
<&>「 Incarnation Kim Dokja will be killed by the person he loves most. 」
Lee Sookyung realized the true meaning of this fate. She knew who would kill her beloved son. Maybe it was an insight Lee Sookyung was able to reach because she was used to these types of metaphors and symbolism.
"I see." Lee Sookyung realized everything and laughed.
This wasn't her original plan. Still, the prophecy meant that the plan had to be modified here.
"I'm sorry but I can't let you see my son."
"Why?"
"A mother's responsibility is to control her child if he mixes in with bad people." Lee Sookyung's eyes were cold as she took out the Eight Beaded Bell. "I have to send my son back to reality."
