<title>Ch 216: Ep. 41 - Real Revolutionary, II
"…What aren't you saying?"
Obviously, there were good constellations in this world. They were the constellations I read about in Ways of Survival. After Ways of Survival being a reality, there were some constellations that I reevaluated. Still, it didn't change that their essence was a 'constellation'.
I didn't know what my expression was like but Jang Hayoung had worried eyes. "…Is something wrong?"
"No, nothing like that."
"Then why are you worrying?"
I was somehow hesitant to speak and shook my head lightly. Jang Hayoung stared straight at me and stated, "I would like to hear it."
There was something familiar about this and I couldn't help smiling. I closely examined Jang Hayoung's face. A sharp nose on pure white skin. Clear and deep eyes below eyebrows that were drawn in a soft line…
A faint guilt filled my heart.
<&>「 He is a kid who likes stories. 」
<&>「 Because Yoo Joonghyuk is a good person, this person should taste the bitterness of reality… 」
<&>「 Joonghyuk doesn't listen to people. The other person should be a good listener. 」
The result of all the comments I made was now in front of me. He had eyes to see the world, a nose to breath and ears to hear the story. Perhaps it was because of guilt but I spoke my first words unknowingly. "There are people who think bad things."
"People?"
I nodded and continued, "They are overall bad people. They bully or gossip about others and even commit some terrible things."
Jang Hayoung listened to the story and asked me, "Do you hate the people you are talking about?"
"…I thought so but I don't know."
I didn't know if I was serious or not.
"Some people were better than I thought and some people acted differently than what I knew."
The countless words of Ways of Survival that I read in the past flowed through my mind.
"What is real about them? What is reality and what is fake? I don't know very well."
Jang Hayoung silently listened despite my vague wording. How much time passed? Jang Hayoung thought about something. "It's hard to understand what exactly is troubling you… so you want to know more about these people?"
"What?"
"They seem like bad people but there might be some good people. Well, isn't that your expectations? No?"
Why did it sound so romantic? There was a backlash but when I thought about it, this might be the problem. Jang Hayoung nodded and said, "Every now and then, you too have to talk. Talk to the people."
"It would be useless to talk."
"Why?"
"Just…"
I couldn't explain it well. It was a helpless feeling that couldn't be described. However, it was when a person became most helpless that they were the most truthful.
"I think there is a huge wall."
<!>[The Fourth Wall is looking at you.]
"You and I are talking like this but we're not really communicating. There is no such thing as communication in this world."
<!>[The 'Unidentified Wall' is looking at the Fourth Wall.]
<&>「 Kim Dokja thought: Maybe reality or the novel is all the same. 」
<&>「 I've read it for so long and I still don't know. 」
<&>「 Maybe I will never know. 」
I felt like I was mistaken and that the moment I spoke these words, everything would change. This optical illusion was broken by Jang Hayoung's words."I might be different from others but of course, there is no such thing."
"What?"
"Everyone has a wall and communication is impossible… that's obvious."
I couldn't believe the friendly Jang Hayoung thought so. It was a bit surprising. Then Jang Hayoung continued, "However, we still have to talk. Even if there is a huge wall, there is a person behind that wall."
"…What can we say when there is a wall?"
"Write on the wall."
My mouth dropped open at the brazen words.
"If you shit or pee, you will leave something on the wall. That way, the other party will recognize it."
"Why would you do such a thing? The other person is beyond the wall anyway…"
"Still, you should leave a mark." Does that make sense?" "There is no apparent meaning."
"Then?"
"It is just important that you left it."
"The other party won't know so why?"
"At least the wall has changed." I was speechless for a moment. Jang Hayoung spoke in a resolute voice. "Then one day, someone might read it."
I stared at Jang Hayoung. Jang Hayoung, who was born into this world because of my greed, lived a life unrelated to me. Maybe he became a better person than I thought. I laughed with some bitterness. "I have one question."
"…Huh?"
"Did you talk to the constellations in this way?"
"Ah, that…"
Judging by his hesitation, I must be correct. I had a bit of understanding of the minds of the constellations. They were the heaviest but at the same time, loneliest beings in the universe. They were writers as well as those who watched the stories. Jang Hayoung would've listened to them as he did to me.
<!>[The constellation 'Nouveau Richer Snake Boss' is looking at the cheeky incarnation!]
Jang Hayoung looked up at the air at the same time. Thanks to Biyoo's interference, the Nouveau Richer Snake Boss couldn't find my location for a while. Of course, this didn't last long.
Jang Hayoung asked in an uneasy voice. "…Is that bastard thinking of staying here?"
"Perhaps."
He had been embarrassed and was probably determined to ruin the channel. I thought for a moment before finally making a decision.
Jang Hayoung was right. Even if there was a wall, I had to write something on this wall. This was despite the fact that it might change what was originally written…
I didn't want to be a person who only read.
"Jang Hayoung, can you contact this person?"
Once I thought about it, I had been acting as a reader the whole time. In order to see the ending that I wanted, I had to create a new story. In fact, I had already warped reality. I just didn't know yet who would read it.
"Who?"
I didn't know if the constellations would comply with my suggestions. Now that I opened a channel… if that person helped, the Revolutionary scenario would end without any problems.
Then a message appeared in the air.
<!>[The fifth Night has arrived.]
Sinister flute sounds were heard. I looked around the industrial complex. In the raging fire, people were screaming. My expression hardened and I spoke towards the scattered Aileen and Mark.
"Gather all the citizens."

***

The duke was driven into a corner. It was obvious after the Fourth Night was over. The Factory's operating power had been cut off by the kidnapped slaves. Thus, the duke couldn't come out for the moment.
However, the duke led the nobles and emerged on this Night.
<&>「 Kim Dokja thought: What is he intending? 」
My mind was a bit complicated due to the variable of a new constellation intervening. In addition, the constellation I called hadn't come yet.
<&>「 It's fine. Let's think positively. This might be an opportunity. 」
Yes, I didn't need to have a weak mind. I was now a constellation. I had done well so far and there wouldn't be a problem.
"Jang Hayoung! Take care of the executioners! Absolutely don't get involved with the other nobles!"
"I know!"
I ran through the streets using Way of the Wind and reached the place where the biggest fire was burning. How long had I been running? I soon saw a demon standing on the spire of a broken building.
"Are you the revolutionary?"
It was a long-haired demon engulfed in red flames. My face was tingling from the heat that emerged from his whole body. It was a stinging heat wave. I looked at the yellow flames and knew what this power was. There was only one person who used this type of story in the 73rd Demon Realm.
"Marquis Omboros."
He was the most powerful noble in the 73rd Demon Realm after the dukes. He was someone I would've hesitated to bump into before I became a constellation. However, Omboros' expression was weird.
"I am Ombros, not Omboros."
Ah, I got his name wrong. I might be Kim Dokja but even I couldn't memorize the name of extras. Omboros kept muttering like his pride was hurt. "You aren't fleeing despite knowing me. I thought you were someone with good knowledge but you're just someone with good luck."
"You would be the lucky one if I ran away. Omboros."
"I told you it is Ombros!"
Instead of answering, I raised the magic power in my body. Last time, I had fought using the status of a constellation. This time, the opponent was great and it wouldn't work against Omboros. Thus, this was an all-out battle.
<!>[The 5th bookmark, Kyrgios Rodgraim is selected!]
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Miniaturization Lv. 3' is activated!]
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Electrification' Lv. 11 (+1) has been activated.]
A yellow heat wave burst out from Omboros' fist. It was the emergence of Brilliant Explosion, a skill of his story. He had the most impressive explosion stigma in the 73rd Demon Realm. The power was strong but it wasn't difficult to avoid. The explosion range was large so it was considered a long-range attack.
"You rat…!"
<!>[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' hates the words of Demon Ombros.]
Omboros felt it was difficult to deal with the smaller me with a simple explosion and he changed his operation. The heat from his hands rapidly contracted and changed into a small ball.
"Die!"
The condensed heat was more intense around his hands. He thought he would push me in strength after reducing the range…
It was a good plan but he met the wrong opponent. I wasn't an ordinary incarnation. I watched the fierce incoming explosion and stretched out my fist without hesitation. The centre of the explosion was deeply pierced by the blow containing my magic power.
My ears momentarily buzzed and the fragments caught in the explosion scattered in the air. The flames in the area were swept away and went out. Only a blue-white lightning was scattered everywhere. I heard a sound and my vision blinked white.
<!>[The constellation 'Nouveau Richer Snake Boss' is astonished at your strength.]
Omboros couldn't be seen in the place that the blue-white lightning swept through. Maybe he flew away or he might've died.
"Oh my god…"
The industrial complex was brutally destroyed. Some of the citizens confirmed my strength and were kneeling. At this point, I didn't know how I was in a fight. If I returned to the scenario properly, could I win one on one with a few constellations?
<!>[Your incarnation body can't handle the level of force used.]
<!>[A significant portion of your incarnation body has been damaged!]
…Damn, it was starting again. Still, it was fine. It would be over before my body was in tatters.
"Waaaaahhhhh!"
Were they inspired by this situation? The citizens in the surrounding area started shouting.
"Revolutionary! Revolutionary!"
<!>[New constellations have entered the #BI-90594 channel.]
The number of constellations kept increasing. It was a different feeling from Bihyung's channel. Well, maybe because I thought of this as 'my channel'. I went to the forefront of the battlefield and cut at the approaching nobles.
"Waaaaahhhhh!"
The duke himself brought about his end by coming out without the Factory. The wave of angry citizens gradually pushed the nobles.
How long had it been? Finally, we arrived at the gate of the Factory.
"The revolution is around the corner! Just a bit more…!" Someone cried out.
However, the next moment, an earthquake occurred from deep in the ground. The confused citizens screamed and sat on the ground. Something seemed to stand up in front of me. A huge building, which had been sleeping like an old beast, was raising its body. There was an engine sound reminiscent of a steam engine. Soot filled the night sky and loud sounds tore at the eardrums.
My heart suddenly sank.
…The Factory was operating? How?
Nevertheless, I couldn't afford to think about it. A giant fist struck my defenseless self. A few buildings were smashed and the steel frames shattered. I momentarily lost consciousness before coming back.
<!>[Your incarnation body is seriously damaged!]
<!>[Enter the main scenario now to prevent the breakdown of your stories!]
Blood poured from my body and the stories making up my body were shaken. Damn, my mind was in such a complicated state that I was caught off guard. Making such a mistake…
Nevertheless, I couldn't understand no matter how hard I thought. How was the Factory operating?
<!>[The constellation 'Nouveau Richer Snake Boss' is pleased at the sight.]
<!>[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' is enjoying your trials.]
<!>[A few constellations hope that you will suffer more pain.]
Dammit. I opened the channel but none of these guys were on my side. The moment I gritted my teeth and raised my body, a familiar name was heard.
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is holding his hair while closely scrutinizing you.]
