<title>Ch 131: Ep. 26 - Scenario Destroyer, I
<!>[200,000 coins have been acquired as compensation for your achievement.]
<!>[We are currently discussing the compensation for the major contributors.]
After the death of Izumi, Yamata no Orochi's incarnation, the Japanese people immediately surrendered. The collapse of the Absolute Throne loosened the power controlling them and the hidden anti-disaster people started appearing.
"Thank you, Kim Dokja."
I recognized the speaker's face. The greeting was from one of the Japanese people that Yoo Joonghyuk visited, just like I found Asuka Ren. I nodded and greeted the speaker. "Kizuki Hiroshi."
"You know me?"
"You got the Totsuka-no-tsurugi in a hidden scenario."
"Hoh, that's right. It looks like you heard it from Yoo Joonghyuk."
Of course I didn't hear it from Yoo Joonghyuk. I was aware of it because I read the original novel. If I remembered correctly, this person had a sponsor related to the myths of Susanoo and Yamata no Orochi.
"You managed to kill the Sovereign of Eight Heads… Many things have been settled thanks to you. I will surely repay this kindness." Kizuki lead the remaining Japanese people and disappeared.
The Japanese who chose to become disasters took advantage of the fact that they wouldn't die even when failing the scenario. Izumi was the incarnation of Yamata no Orochi but Kizuki was also a powerful and clever incarnation. He would be able to lead the incarnations well for the time being after returning to Tokyo Dome.
<!>[A constellation born from the sea and storm has revealed his modifier.]
<!>[The constellation 'Snake Cutter' has developed a great liking towards you.]
The constellation 'Snake Cutter' was Susanoo, the original master of the SSS-grade item Totsuka-no-tsurugi.
I glanced at the Totsuka-no-tsurugi that I gave back to Yoo Joonghyuk. Totsuka-no-tsurugi had been greatly damaged. It wasn't strange that it was said to have broken after killing Yamata no Orochi.
Yoo Joonghyuk stared at me and the party members who had fallen asleep after eating the Ellain Forest's Vital Energy.
"Ah, I thought I was really dead this time." Lee Jihye shook her head and held her forehead after waking up. It was because of the blow from directly hearing Yamata no Orochi's true voice.
"No, what was that? I just heard a few words…"
"I didn't get such a feeling when the commander made a surprise visit…"
Lee Hyunsung was talking only to freeze when he heard the voice behind him.
"It looks like you're alive, Lee Hyunsung."
"Y-Yoo Joonghyuk-ssi."
"I told you to follow my group. Why didn't you listen?"
"T-That…" Lee Hyunsung trembled and glanced my way. It was a face asking me to do something but I couldn't. Yoo Joonghyuk stared at Lee Hyunsung for a while before turning away.
"Ahjussi." I looked around and saw Shin Yoosung holding onto me. She looked up at me like she wanted to be picked up.
I lightly patted Shin Yoosung's back. "Was it hard? Well done. You did well."
I wanted to say something plausible but these were the only words I had. Shin Yoosung shook her head from within my arms.
"Hyung, it wasn't that hard." Lee Gilyoung interrupted and pushed Shin Yoosung away from my arms. Despite the arguing, the two children seemed quite familiar with each other. As expected, kids understood kids the best. It was worth leaving the two of them together.
"You're popular with children." I looked at the small person who spoke. Was his name Gillemium? "There will be a royal banquet in the evening. The castle has almost collapsed and the scale will be very small but… I would like to invite you to attend."
I looked up at the sky.
<!>[Time remaining until the end of the scenario: 27 days.]
<!>[The disasters have given up the scenario and the sixth scenario is scheduled for an early termination.]
It might take a bit of time because of the disasters scattered throughout the world. However, once Hiroshi went around Peace Land then the scenario would end automatically.
A banquet…
Was it to play and drink? Ah, then perhaps?
"I understand. We will attend."

***

"It looks like you are very fond of drinking."
"Well… it's been hard to come across it these days."
I brought out a lot of distilled spirits that remained in the warehouse with Gillemium's help. Peace Land's drinks had very low alcohol content so I needed a lot to make the drink I wanted.
<!>[The constellation 'Snake Cutter' is interested in your brewing.]
I poured alcohol into a bucket the size of a human, threw in all the ingredients I had and started to stir.
<!>[Eighth Head of the Sovereign of Eight Heads.]
<!>[Seventh Tail of the Sovereign of Eight Heads.]
These were items that came out when defeating Yamata no Orochi. They were fragments rather than proper body parts because the true body hadn't appeared. Still, they contained part of the constellation's power.
It was only Yoo Joonghyuk who realized what I was going to do. "You know this hidden piece."
"Aren't I a prophet? Now give me your sword."
Yoo Joonghyuk knew what I was going to do and obediently offered his sword. I threw the Totsuka-no-tsurugi that I received from Yoo Joonghyuk into the alcohol. Originally it shouldn't be made like this but I used a shortcut. The Totsuka-no-tsurugi melted into the alcohol.
<!>[Two stories give meaning to your actions.]
<!>[The narrative of the Sovereign of Eight Heads and the Snake Cutter has been combined.]
<!>[Some parts of the story are damaged due to incorrect transmission.]
The damaged part was a bit disappointing but it couldn't be helped.
<!>[The narrative of Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi is expressed!]
According to the stories, Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi was the sword that came out of the tail of a drunk Yamata no Orochi. However, it was possible to acquire it using a shortcut. In any case, I just needed to drink.
Lee Jihye asked doubtfully, "Why did you throw the sword into the precious alcohol?"
"Wait and see."
A moment later, a mysterious aura flowed from the alcohol and a sword surrounded by a pure white light rose.
<!>[The star relic 'Heavenly Sword of Gathering Clouds' has appeared!]
As expected, it appeared. There was nothing wrong with the method from Ways of Survival.
Yoo Joonghyuk reached out his hand. "This is mine."
"Hey! We caught him together."
"I was the one who caught him."
Usually, I would've insisted, but Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes were serious this time. This son of a bitch…
Of course, the relic itself wasn't my goal but it was still bitter to have the star relic taken away right in front of me. I couldn't fight him here so I gave up on the sword.
<!>[The star relic 'Grass-Cutting Sword' has appeared!]
A knife rose from the alcohol.
…Eh?
The contents of Ways of Survival flowed quickly through my head.
<&>「 Names give birth to narratives and narratives are reproduced in reality. In the world of the Star Stream, Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi has a total of five names. In other words, Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi isn't 'one sword'. 」
I belatedly realized. Perhaps the name of Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi was used for five things in total. In other words, one sword appeared in Ways of Survival and the other four weren't mentioned.
I quickly grabbed the knife. "Then this is mine. Any complaints?"
"That…" Yoo Joonghyuk's narrowed eyes stared at me before he turned away. "Do what you want."
I inwardly sighed with relief. I was satisfied with the grip of the knife in my hand. It was the second in the Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi, the Grass-Cutting Sword. This sword contained the power of a dragon killer so I didn't need to be afraid of any dragon species that I encountered in the future.
Lee Jihye watched from the side and pouted. "These petty-minded males obtained the swords…"
Lee Jihye joked playfully before poking the jar of alcohol. "Can we drink this now? The smell isn't a joke."
"You are a minor…"
It wasn't just Lee Jihye. People were flocking to the golden coloured alcohol. Everyone seemed to be hungry for alcohol. Well, they would become drunk just from smelling it…
"Drink up everyone."
People started to drink like crazy after I gave my permission.
"Ohh, how could it have this taste?"
"A heavenly drink!"
The people drank the golden alcohol and exclaimed with joy. It was fermented with the magic power of a constellation so it would naturally have a good taste. In fact, the alcohol content in it was insignificant but it also had the effect of increasing stats.
"Aren't you drinking?" I asked Yoo Joonghyuk. I looked closer and saw that Yoo Joonghyuk was making a simple dish.
He was slicing and roasting meat and vegetables. It was an outdoor party so the food ingredients brought by the small people were piled up in the area. However, Yoo Joonghyuk's cooking…
Yoo Joonghyuk spoke in a cold tone. "I don't consume anything made by others."
"Are you afraid of being poisoned?"
"It is because it isn't delicious."
"How delicious can the food you make…" I said this but I quickly took a bite out of the dish Yoo Joonghyuk was making.
Then… No, what was this?
Lee Seolhwa, who was helping Yoo Joonghyuk nearby, smiled and asked me, "Is it delicious?"
"…Yes."
It was damn delicious. Really, it was delicious. No, it was the best dish I had ever eaten. What was this meat skewer?
One side of the expressionless Yoo Joonghyuk's mouth curved up. Damn. Even if he was a regressor, how could this bastard cook so well?
I mumbled something and moved away when I heard something that was like a musical instrument. It was excellent music that was very calm and profound.
I followed the sound and saw a doll sitting on top of the castle. It was the smallest person who was as handsome as Yoo Joonghyuk.
It was Kyrgios Rodgraim. He sat on the ledge and played the viola while staring at the distant sky. It was gentle and sometimes sad. It was filled with a faint longing. The noisy crowd stopped one by one and listened to the music. The exaggerated heat cooled down.
First, someone's eyes reddened. Then the next person burst into tears. It seemed contagious and they all started to cry. As if they missed the moments they had to cry, everyone burst out crying.
The inhabitants of Peace Land also experienced the scenarios. This was music that comforted them.
I drank a bit of the alcohol while listening to the melody. Then Asuka Ren came up to me. She hadn't joined the Japanese group.
I asked her, "Ren-ssi, have you seen Han Sooyoung?"
"Ah. I was describing some settings to her and she suddenly said there was a place she had to go."
I see. It seemed she left to find a hidden piece. That girl…
The sound of the viola spread through the broken castle and I recalled something as I saw Asuka Ren's face. A person who had reached the end of a long dream was likely to make this face.
I thought I could ask now. "How do you feel?"
"…It is weird." She hesitated for a moment. "I'm thinking that I shouldn't have given up."
I understood immediately what she was saying. She licked her lips before opening her mouth, breaking the moist film on her mouth.
"Who would've thought of this when reading my manga?"
"Someone obviously did."
Asuka Ren smiled sadly and looked down at her hands. Her red cheeks made it clear she had drank a lot of alcohol.
"I suddenly had a thought. Maybe I'm also a part of a world someone created…"
I paused before saying, "Maybe things like that aren't important in this world we live in now."
"Huh?"
"There is the story I wanted to hear last time…"
I noticed Asuka Ren didn't understand and explained it a bit better. Asuka Ren said, "Ah, an email arrived shortly after the series ended. They wanted to borrow the setting of my manga…"
I was a bit surprised by the unexpected words. There was no such thing in Ways of Survival.
"Borrow the setting?"
"Yes. I didn't think much about it at the time but this situation occurred not long afterwards…"
"Do you remember the exact details? For example, an email address or…"
"As soon as I replied to the email, all related emails were suddenly erased. So the detailed address…"
"I see."
Asuka Ren heard something in my voice that made her feel sorry. She hesitated before adding, "…That, um. I'm not certain but I think the email address started with a 't'."
t? I became dazed and reflexively asked, "Could it be… tls123?"
