<title>Ch 142: Ep. 28 - The Ultimate Sacrifice, II
The monsters flocked from the outskirts of Seoul. Maybe there was a gate where they were created and the rating of the monsters would skyrocket in four hour intervals.
In other words, the time we had was eight hours at the most. I had to lure Nirvana in to make him confront Yoo Joonghyuk.
"I think I can do it."
I left the party members and called Bihyung through the dokkaebi communication. However, the voice that came back was from Youngki.
<@>[I'm sorry, Bihyung is a bit busy right now…]
That Bihyung bastard, he became sloppy as soon as he was going to be promoted? He was an ungrateful bastard. I had been trying to raise his performance but he didn't know how to repay favours.
–There are random boxes in new scenarios right?
<@>[Yes. It came out.]
–I'll have 10 of them.
I thought it was good but Youngki surprisingly hesitated.
<@>[The odds of the random boxes are terrible… will you be okay?]
–It will be fine.
I knew what the dokkaebi was worried about. Could a person like this survive?
<!>[You have purchased 10 'Main Scenario #8 Special Random Boxes!']
<!>[You have spent 30,000 coins.]
–We will stop here.
<@>[Yes. I wish you the blessing of the story.]
Youngki's voice disappeared and 10 shiny boxes appeared in the air. They were colourful boxes with large question marks.
Lee Gilyoung asked me, "Hyung, is that what we see in games? If you open it, you get a random good item…"
The little kids noticed the fastest.
"Yes, that's right."
<!>[Random box.]
A gambling item that had a low probability of giving SSS-grade weapons and SSS-grade skills. This was an item designed by dokkaebis to trick the blind constellations. Why did I buy the box?
<!>[The constellation 'Maritime War God' is a bit disappointed in you.]
<!>[The constellation 'Maritime War God' says that the basis of longevity is integrity.]
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' advises you to be wary of luxury.]
<!>[The constellation 'Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade' wants you to donate if you have coins.]
Min Jiwon's face turned red at the Slumbering Lady of Fine Brocade's message.
"I-I'm sorry. My sponsor is a bit…"
"It's fine. In fact, this isn't a very expensive product. Let's do it together. I'll give you one to change your mood."
"You will give it? Really?"
"Yes. You can keep any main items that come out of the box. I would be grateful if you just give me any auxiliary item that comes out as a consumable."
I originally planned to sell it for a few coins but the people here had some relationship with me. It would help me if their power increased. Thus, it wasn't a business with any losses.
Lee Jihye was excited about being given something free and snatched a box first. "Wow, since ahjussi said so… I will make good use of it!"
Then Gong Pildu and Lee Gilyoung took a box.
"Hyung, what if I get an SSS-grade?"
"It is tough since the odds are 0.00001%.
"…Really?"
"It is business acumen. Let's just be fooled for today."
Yoo Joonghyuk scrutinized me and said, "Kim Dokja. Do you think an item will come out that will help me deal with Nirvana?"
"Well, something like that?"
"…It is a pathetic plan."
This jerk also took a box…
Finally, Shin Yoosung was the last one to take a box.
"I'll give you two."
Shin Yoosung's eyes widened with surprise. "Really?"
"Yes."
Shin Yoosung hesitated for a moment before taking the boxes from me. Somehow, the child's expression wasn't ordinary. I looked closely and there were tears in her eyes.
"Do I deserve something like this…"
The past of Shin Yoosung came to my mind. Maybe this was Shin Yoosung's first 'gift' since she was born.
There were many people with this type of convenient setting in Ways of Survival. The convenience of someone would be the real unhappiness of someone else.
I handed the box to Shin Yoosung who was wiping her eyes. "Take this. You're my incarnation. That alone is enough to be deserving."
I regretted not taking care of her earlier as I saw Shin Yoosung's face turn red with liking. I wasn't yet qualified to be a 'constellation' so I couldn't give Shin Yoosung a stigma.
Was it the right choice to take care of this child? Maybe this child would be unhappy because of me. For now, it was unknown. However, I would do my best to protect this child.
"Then let's try opening them. Think of it as a diversion."
Everyone nodded and started opening the boxes.
<!>[The 'Main Scenario #8 Special Random Box' has been used!]
<!>[You have acquired two Ellain Forest Essence.]
<!>[One 'Fairly Usable Pair of Boots (E-grade) have been acquired!]
<!>[Other consumables have been acquired.]
…This was it. The only things that came out were E-grade items and consumables. The situation was the same for the other party members. Well, I expected it. In the first place, the random box…
<!>[Congratulations! Someone has broken the probability of 0.00001%!]
Grand celebration firecrackers appeared in the air. I turned and saw triumph on Shin Yoosung's face.
…Don't tell me? Really?
"A-ahjussi?"
The small fruit in Shin Yoosung's palm scattered a bright light. I went closer, and the identity of the item became clear. Oh my god, this was what she received?
…How was my incarnation so lucky?
The watching Yoo Joonghyuk was also a bit surprised. "You got something good."
The SSS-grade item, Ancient Beast's Fruit.
Among the SSS-grade items with a 0.00001% chance of appearing, the item with the worst probability was the Ancient Beast's Fruit. It was a consumable item but its effect was worth the rating of SSS.
"If you feed this fruit to a monster you can't tame, you will be able to tame it. Congratulations. Save it for the right time."
There was no better item for Shin Yoosung who could use Taming. If this was used on a monster that could evolve beyond the 1st grade, Shin Yoosung might be able to grow beyond the 41st version. Shin Yoosung looked between me and the fruit with sparkling eyes.
"Ahjussi, this is great… but can it only be used on monsters?"
"Perhaps. Why?"
"…It's nothing." Shin Yoosung blushed cutely as she watched me before avoiding my eyes.
Lee Gilyoung drooled and rushed over to her side. "Hey, can't you give me that? I'll give you my Titano."
"I hate insects."
Lee Jihye watched like she was jealous. "Ahjussi, why are you doing this? Do you really want to change our mood?"
"Of course not. Give me the consumables that came out from the box."
I was aiming for the consumables that came out from the box since the beginning.
<!>[Loudspeaker (Dome Channels) x 4 have been acquired!]
<!>[Loudspeaker (General Channels) x 4 have been acquired!]
<!>[Loudspeaker (Area Only) x 2 have been acquired!]
Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes narrowed. "I know what you want to do."
<!>[Loudspeaker.]
They were useful consumables that could send messages to specific channels or entire areas depending on the options.
"However, just saying a few words to that guy…"
I told Yoo Joonghyuk, "The important thing is what you say."
I used a loudspeaker. Then let's get started. I started the story that would attract Nirvana.

***

At this time, Nirvana was in the church hideout. Nirvana had his eyes shut while the statue of Avalokiteśvara Bodhisattva looked down on him.
Don't hang onto the past or look to the future. The past had already disappeared and the future hadn't come yet.
Nirvana memorized these phrases but the doctrine wasn't spread by voice. Sweat covered his forehead. Sparks bounced all around his body. After a while, his eyes turned white and a message came.
<!>[You have succeeded in learning a new skill!]
Nirvana opened his eyes. "…It was unreasonable."
His stigma 'Succession' consumed probability when used. Therefore, he couldn't use Succession unless he used the 'story' that had accumulated through his reincarnations to provide some plausible probability.
'I've lost too much story'.
His past disappeared but Nirvana soon regained his composure. There were some things that must be emptied in order to live in the present.
He struggled with the energy consumed as he headed into the depths of the church. He went down to the basement and after passing through a corridor, a gentle light appeared.
It was a room with an antique-style table and a double bed. It was a well-equipped room with a warm atmosphere.
"I've kept you waiting. Then shall we begin today's session?"
There were two women sitting at a table in the room. They were the vanished King of Wanderers, Lee Sookyung, and Yoo Sangah. Yoo Sangah's eyes were wide as she stared into the air and Lee Sookyung asked,
"When will you release the skill on this child?"
<!>[Thought Infection.]
Over a week had passed but Yoo Sangah was still resisting. Nirvana laughed.
"I'm not releasing it. You have to solve it yourself." It was interesting from Nirvana's standpoint. "It is a foolish thing. She is resisting when she simply has to declare that she will live in the present."
"The value of the past is different for those who live a short life."
"It is because you live a short life that you should put more value in the present. You are blessed with death but you don't know the value of it."
"Don't judge other people's present based on yourself. She is living in the 'present' enough. You are the one ignorant about the present because you reincarnate over and over."
"Don't forget. I'm only keeping you alive while your story is worth it."
Lee Sookyung's face was relaxed despite the threat. She was like Scheherazade in One Thousand and One Nights.
Nirvana slowly pulled out a chair and sat down. He demanded, "Tell me the information I want to know."
"What do you want to know?"
"The incarnation called Kim Dokja."
Lee Sookyung's smile stiffened for the first time. "I don't know that incarnation."
"There is no use in pretending. I already know that he is your son. The 'neutral' guy told me."
"…He and I parted when he was young. I have no idea about how he has been living."
"I'll see when I look inside you."
The bright wheel of life started to turn behind Nirvana. Inside the wheel of life, the thousand hands of Avalokiteśvara started to stretch out.
The gigantic hand covered Lee Sookyung's head. Lee Sookyung glared at the hand in a displeased manner.
Nirvana threatened, "Open your memories or the woman next to you will die."
"It is a childish threat."
"You have been giving in to this childish threat. That is what a human is."
Lee Sookyung stared at Yoo Sangah's blank eyes and sighed. "…Do what you want."
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Origin of Principle and Secondary Causes Lv. 6' has been activated.]
Avalokiteśvara's hand firmly dug into Lee Sookyung's head. Lee Sookyung's story flowed and started to entangle with Nirvana's story. There was a sense of being 'one'. Nirvana's senses trembled. He chewed, tasted, ate and enjoyed. He was a genuine epicurean of the Star Stream.
"It is really amazing. How does a human like you have filtered information of the future?"
Lee Sookyung desperately tried to protect the memories but the fragmentary future knowledge she obtained from Kim Dokja couldn't rebel against the flow of Origin of Principle and Secondary Causes and they were sucked into Nirvana.
"Interesting. This is the essence of Kim Dokja."
"…"
"You are a sad mother. You lied to your child. You deceived your child for your own dogmatism."
Cold anger filled Lee Sookyung's face as she declared, "You won't be able to win against that child."
"…I admit that he is an interesting incarnation."
He was one that forced Nirvana to use Succession. However, he was only human. It was just up to here. Then a message rang in the air.
<@>[ Applying for a duel with the Salvation Church's leader, Nirvana Moebius. ]
The surprised Nirvana looked up at the air. It was Kim Dokja using the loudspeaker.
Lee Sookyung spoke like she had been waiting. "That child is strong and wise. He knows what he needs and what he can do best."
<@>[ The place of the duel is Gwanghwamun at 2 p.m. today. The person you will be confronting is the Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk. The two people closest to being the strongest incarnations will fight to defend Seoul Dome. If you are really living in the present, don't avoid this confrontation. ]
Using the 'present' as an excuse? It was a confrontation that couldn't be avoided if he was a real 'savior'. Furthermore, the clever use of the loudspeaker was amazing. If he avoided this confrontation, he would receive the chastisement of all the incarnations in Seoul Dome as well as the Salvation members. However, he would be a fool to go after knowing it was a trap. Nirvana laughed.
"The provocation is decent. Then what should I do? In any case, my goal isn't to clear the scenario. My purpose is great…"
<@>[ Of course, your great plan won't concent to this confrontation. However… ]
Nirvana stiffened at Kim Dokja's words.
<@>[ If you come now, I will give you a chance to become one with Yoo Joonghyuk. ]
Nirvana was so astonished that he let go of Origin of Principle and Secondary Causes. He shivered in anger, wonder and an unknown sense of shame and bit his lips.
Lee Sookyung felt Nirvana's intense urge through the string that connected them. It was a desire to combine with one person for a bigger story.
Lee Sookyung laughed at the desire. "I told you that you are going to lose."

***

<@>[ Okay. ]
Nirvana's answer came quickly. The party members looked blank, as if they didn't know what to expect.
I stood up and shook off my dizziness.
"Dokja-ssi, how… no, are you okay?"
Min Jiwon looked anxiously at the black bruise around my left eye. It was the trace left behind by Yoo Joonghyuk after I sold his name. I rubbed my eyes and asked, "Has that jerk left already?"
I even fell unconscious for a while. Damn, that ignorantly powerful man.
"He left as soon as he heard the answer."
"Then we will go as well."
Lee Gilyoung's slightly sour expression became excited. "Dokja hyung, I'm glad we're fighting together this time."
"Yes."
I couldn't laugh. Nirvana would've surely gained new skills and couldn't be challenged as easily as before. Of course, Yoo Joonghyuk would also defend himself so victory or defeat wouldn't be easy to predict. In fact, I wasn't interested in their fight.
The real problem was the loud message in my head.
<!>[You are currently the strongest incarnation in Seoul.]
…Now, what should I do?
