<title>Ch 153: Ep. 30 - Dark Castle, III
"…Were the words earlier referring to ahjussi?"
"What?"
"A new constellation in Seoul blah blah blah…"
"Ah… well. That's right."
I smiled bitterly while staring at the demons around. I was surprised to see Lee Jihye's crisis but it seemed she had been acting too aggressively.
Demon Viscount Noslocke. This insidious guy who resembled a rhino was a demon who ripped apart and killed countless incarnations. I knocked down a noble-grade demon instantly, and realized how strong I had become.
Lee Jihye saw his collapsed body and muttered. "This guy was incredibly strong… How strong are you after becoming a constellation?"
"I didn't defeat him using my own strength. I borrowed the power of another story."
"Another story?"
<@>[Who…are…you…]
I looked over at Noslocke who was still breathing.
"Wait a minute."
I simply stepped down and destroyed Noslocke's head.
<!>[You have defeated a noble of the Demon Realm!]
<!>[10,000 coins have been acquired!]
<!>[The item 'Advanced Demon's Proof' has been acquired.]
<!>[The sub-species of the Demon Realm will be afraid of you.]
Originally, killing a demon servant would gain the attention of their 'demon king' but this scenario was different. All demons in the Dark Castle scenario were ones waiting for their new 'master'.
<!>[A few constellations are amazed by your overwhelming presence.]
<!>[A considerable number of constellations are questioning your probability.]
Certainly, the probability was questionable. My strength was currently at a level that violated the balance of the scenario. However, it wasn't because I was a constellation that I could easily get rid of Noslocke.
<!>[The story 'Messiah's Path' is partially in effect.]
It was the 'absolute divinity' effect of Messiah's Path.
I borrowed the story which had a special effect on demons from Eden.
<!>[The nebula Eden is asking you to pay the 'story quotation'.]
I drew a cross shape in the air and heard a message.
<!>[The nebula Eden is delighted with your narrative quotation.]
It was annoying to do this quotation every time but it was better than plagiarism. Furthermore, I didn't have to pay any other price for using it at this time. It was a special service that the Eden nebula provided.
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is pleased!]
This was all thanks to the cute Uriel. Fortunately, the 'banquet' was well resolved.
"Ahjussi… have you become religious?" Lee Jihye laughed while breathing roughly. Her right shoulder and abdomen had stab wounds. "I'm sorry. Doesn't the 10th strongest person in Seoul look poor?"
"Now is your hardest time. Don't worry. You will be better in the future. Stay still. I'm going to fix your dislocated bone now.
"Huh? Aaaaaaack!"
I thought I should use the Ellain Forest Essence. However, I had no items remaining in my coat subspace. I had left it to Han Sooyoung before dying.
Just before dying in the eighth scenario, I made a small contract with Han Sooyoung and left my items with her. Then… there was only one way left.
"Dokkaebi Bag."
As soon as I opened my mouth, I saw the screen window of the Dokkaebi Bag in front of me.
<!>[Some constellations are questioning the use of your natural privileges.]
Until now, most constellations didn't know I enjoyed the benefits of the Dokkaebi Bag because Bihyung would turn on the advertising. Now there was no need to hide it because I was a constellation.
I immediately purchased the Ellain Forest Essence and fed it to Lee Jihye.
"O-Oof!"
"Eat and sleep."
"…Thank you ahjussi."
"Well… Thank you for crying for me at the funeral."
"…I will faint now so don't talk to me."
Lee Jihye fell asleep. I lifted up Lee Jihye and heard a familiar voice from behind me.
"Ahjussi…?"
I was filled with a warm sensation. I could tell the owner of the voice without looking back.
<!>[Your incarnation is looking at you.]
I wouldn't have been able to run straight here if it wasn't for this feeling. I saw Shin Yoosung crying and thought that parents probably felt like this.
"Ahjussi!"
I grabbed Shin Yoosung and lightly embraced her. "Was I gone long?"
"You were gone for a week…"
One week. Damn, I was resurrected later than planned.
"Let's go. I have to find the items I entrusted to someone else."

***

"…A week has passed. Why haven't you come yet?"
Han Sooyoung lay on the floor of Dark Castle and murmured to herself.
It was crazy to act like this in the Dark Castle seething with demon servants. Fortunately, no demon servants came after hearing her voice. It was because someone had already swept away the nearby demon servants while moving upstairs.
Of course, it was all done by Yoo Joonghyuk.
"Damn protagonist jerk."
Han Sooyoung gritted her teeth.
30 minutes ago, Han Sooyoung had confronted Yoo Joonghyuk here. Then she was disastrously defeated.
Her body ached and her head was dizzy. The demons species? They weren't the problem. The real demon was Yoo Joonghyuk.
"You scammer. How could you use such a person… Kim Dokja."
She couldn't understand it no matter how much she thought.
In the Seoul rankings, Yoo Joonghyuk was ranked third and Han Sooyoung was fourth. Then why was the difference so large? The reason she didn't lose her life was because of her last-ditch words.
'Hey! These are Kim Dokja's items! Are you going to steal them?'
'…Why did Kim Dokja leave his things to you?'
'That… isn't it because I am the most trustworthy person?'
'Then I will kill you and take them'.
'Y-You want to kill me? What will Kim Dokja think?'
Yoo Joonghyuk thought about it for a while before finally letting her go.
'If you mention him in front of me again, I really will kill you'.
Then he headed up to the second floor. Han Sooyoung was furious when she thought about it and screamed.
"That jerk… ahhhhhh! Abyssal Black Flame Dragon! Didn't you say you are the strongest constellation? Why can't I beat him?"
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is in deep thought.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' says that it isn't his fault.]
Han Sooyoung sighed. It was a scene where she would be misunderstood as having multiple personalities.
"This is a big deal. That jerk brought his little sister up… it is a development that Kim Dokja will clearly hate. The situation is like this but where is Kim Dokja?"
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is asking about what you mean.]
"You're a bastard. By the way, that jerk took all my 'proofs' and I will have to start from scratch…"
Han Sooyoung opened the scenario window.
+
[Main Scenario #9 - Demon's Proof]
Category: Main
Difficulty level: A++
Clear Conditions: Hunt the demon species, collect nine Demon's Proofs and place them on the altar on the 2nd floor.
Time Limit: 23 days.
Compensation: 50,000 coins
Failure: ―
+
The demon servants were so powerful that the scenario was a bit tricky, but it was possible to clear if the incarnations cooperated. The major forces had already moved to the second floor.
She might be a ranker but she might be overtaken by the other rankers. The Dark Castle compensation was excellent, meaning the ranking would change if she delayed even a little bit.
'What should I do?'
At this time, a group of people on the other side of the corridor caught her attention. Han Sooyoung thought this was better. She could take the proofs from these guys…
"Han Sooyoung-ssi!"
Han Sooyoung saw their faces and sighed.
"What the hell is this?" Someone cried out.
Han Sooyoung replied, "…I was just fighting the demon servants and was hurt. Lee Hyunsung-ssi also entered the maze?"
"That's correct. Are you alright?"
He was the Pure Steel Lee Hyunsung.
'Why did this guy appear here?'
Kim Dokja's companion, Lee Hyunsung also came here. No matter how urgent the situation, she couldn't take away the proofs of the main characters… eh?
"Lee Hyunsung-ssi! Don't go over!"
The shrill shout came from a beautiful face. The four people who appeared with Lee Hyunsung weren't anyone Han Sooyoung knew. The woman once again shouted, "Lee Hyunsung-ssi! Can't you hear my words? It might be a trap!"
"That's right! Back off! Come over here!"
"But…"
Lee Hyunsung was confused as he looked between Han Sooyoung and the women.
Han Sooyoung spoke to Lee Hyunsung. "Has your party changed? Why are you building a harem all of a sudden?"
"I split up from the party in the labyrinth…"
Lee Hyunsung looked troubled and the other women rushed at him and pulled at his arms.
"Why are you listening to that person?"
"Those wounds don't come from fighting with demon servants. That woman is suspicious!"
"That's right!"
"Hyunsung-ssi is too naive! You shouldn't trust anyone in this world!"
Lee Hyunsung was pulled back by the women with much difficulty.
Han Sooyoung triggered Detect Attributes. The next moment, a cruel smile appeared on Han Sooyoung's face as she saw the names in front of her eyes.
'…What am I seeing? It is them?'
The way that people adapted to a destroyed world were different. There were women who believed in themselves like Jung Heewon and Lee Jihye, while other women took advantage of others. The even more interesting way…
"Lee Hyunsung, I didn't realize that you have an unusual taste?"
"Huh?"
"Don't you know they're all men?"
<!>[A constellations who likes to change sex is surprised!]
<!>[The constellation in love with a woman is aghast!]
The women shouted in astonishment at Han Sooyoung's words.
"W-What are you talking about right now?"
"Don't frame us!"
It was impossible to think these people were men. However, Han Sooyoung knew them. They were a group of four who used Disguise and Forbidden Charm to kill strong rankers or the weak.
Han Sooyoung remembered the name of this group.
<!>[Pink Kids.]
They had the name of a girl group but they were all men in their 40s. She spoke to them.
"Hey ahjussis, do you like disguising as young girls? Lee Hyunsung-ssi, if you stay with them, you will be tricked and killed."
"What is this crazy bitch saying?'"
"Hyunsung-ssi, let's go! She is a strange person!"
Sometimes it was common in Ways of Survival to dress up as the other gender. There were more villains in this world than Pink Kids. Thus, these men could be rehabilitated. "Kim Dokja might've said this…"
Han Sooyoung was different from Kim Dokja.
"I have to get rid of these disgusting things."
At this rate, Lee Hyunsung would 100% be hit in the back of the head by Pink Kids. His death would have a severe impact on the scenarios. A large number of clones started to surround Han Sooyoung's body.
Lee Hyunsung hastily came forward. "W-What are you doing?"
She demanded, "Get lost. I'm going to kill them."
"They aren't bad people!"
Lee Hyunsung didn't move out of the way. He didn't seem bewitched but he stood firmly in place. If she thought about it, this was Lee Hyunsung. The Pink Kids watched Lee Hyunsung with touched eyes.
Han Sooyoung cried out in an irritated manner, "I will kill you if you don't get out of the way."
"Han Sooyoung-ssi. I'm aware that you are strong but please calm yourself. I'm also confident in my strength."
"Then try it!"
The clones ran towards Lee Hyunsung while Han Sooyoung rushed towards the Pink Kids.
"Die perverts!"
"You can't do this!"
"Kyaaack! Help us Hyunsung-ssi!"
Lee Hyunsung triggered Steel Transformation and started to kill Han Sooyoung's clones with tremendous strength. Han Sooyoung couldn't help sweating at the enormous damage.
'He truly is the Steel Sword'.
She noticed that the Pink Kids were planning to run away. At this rate, she would miss this. There was nothing good about leaving them alive when she had already made a hostile impression.
'I will do it'.
She was forced to use a secret weapon. Han Sooyoung smiled bitterly at Lee Hyunsung. "Do you want to see a good show?"
The next moment, Han Sooyoung's clones surrounding Lee Hyunsung took off their clothes. Her white skin was revealed. Lee Hyunsung blushed as he covered his eyes and collapsed.
"Waaaaahhhhh! What is this?"
Han Sooyoung stepped on Lee Hyunsung's body and flew forward.
"It is a naked woman!"
Han Sooyoung flew through the air and aimed her dagger at the back of the Pink Kids running away.
"W-What are you…!
Kuaack!"
'Yoon Woochul. 41 years old. Operated a coin farm'.
The other member of Pink Kids screamed as he saw his dying companion.
"Shit! We haven't done anything wrong!"
'Hwang Mingyu. 43 years old. Trafficking and… what was it?'
Her dagger sliced over his neck. The Pink Kids' transformation was released, revealing hairy legs.
"S-Spare me! Spare me!"
'Bang Takho. 39 years old. The children in the third episode… anyway!"
In an instant, only one of the Pink Kids was left. Han Sooyoung frowned as she saw the middle-aged person trembling with fear.
'What did this person do?'
Han Sooyoung wondered for a moment and was about to kill the last Pink Kid when magic power flew from somewhere and blocked her dagger.
Then a clear voice was heard. "You made a mistake."
"…What?"
"You shouldn't kill this person. He is needed for my strategy."
She turned her head and sighed with relief. Han Sooyoung laughed. "You are late, Kim Dokja."
