<title>Ch 280: Ep. 53 - Demon King of Salvation, II
<!>[Hidden scenario ― Escape the Demon Realm has begun!]
At this time, all dokkaebis of the bureau were concentrating on the panel.
"Are you kidding me? Why is there no dokkaebi to proceed when the scenario is released?"
It was the other dokkaebis who blocked Bihyung rioting alone. After the Demon King Selection, all dokkaebis who operated the channels were withdrawn from the 73rd Demon Realm.
"Where is Baram? Shit, that Dokgak jerk!"
"…"
"What are you doing here and why are the Demon Realm's channels running out of control? If you're going to do something like this, then at least let me go there!"
"Bihyung, do you think it is possible to broadcast now?"
Even the prideful Dokgak had given up on this scenario. The bureau had exhausted all the available probability during the Demon King Selection. Of course, that wasn't the only problem.
–Baat!
There was the cry of a baby dokkaebi who knew nothing. Some dokkaebis sighed and turned their eyes away while others couldn't take their eyes off the screen to the end.
The distant presence had crossed the Star Stream and was covering the sky of the 73rd Demon Realm.
Not all beings lived in the scenario. If the constellations were living in a 'story', the outer gods were based on a confused 'story'. They were beings born from the subconscious of the story. A monster roaming the deep sea of the scenario that wasn't possible for the dokkaebis.
'This isn't the right scenario'.
Bihyung looked at 'it' that was opening its massive mouth and prayed with a gloomy heart.
'Run away Kim Dokja'.

***

"What is this?"
It was only a few minutes after Jung Heewon had noticed 'it'. Suddenly, the hairs on her body rose and sweat flowed down. She looked around and saw the citizens who lost consciousness or were vomiting up blood on the ground. Lee Jihye stood beside her and was squeezing her shoulders with dim eyes.
"Jihye! Wake up!"
Her shoulders shook several times before Lee Jihye barely managed to look up. "U-Uh, uhhh… unni…"
Her nails dug into her shoulders and blood was flowing.
Jung Heewon looked around the square. Yoo Sangah was already moving. "Everyone, gather this way!"
Her voice was filled with magic power and the party members came to their senses one by one.
"W-What is that?"
Lee Hyunsung and the children looked up at the sky. Lee Gilyoung staggered while Shin Yoosung grabbed onto Lee Hyunsung and trembled.
At this moment, all the party members in the square were thinking the same thing. It didn't matter how many books they read or how many words they knew.
'It can't be described'.
Yoo Sangah, Lee Hyunsung and Jung Heewon were the same. All human words were helpless in front of the coming existence. The entire sky was covered by the darkness of this being.
The party members couldn't understand what they were seeing. Thanks to this, they lost their means to cope.
If a typhoon blew, they could place newspapers against the window. If a tsunami occurred, they could enter sturdy high-rise buildings. If a fallout started, they could hide in a basement with thick barriers. But this…
How the hell could they stop it? Was it possible to stop it?
Then a man appeared in the sky where the light had disappeared. He exhausted his probability as he shone brightly.
Jung Heewon discovered his appearance and was filled with relief. Most of the constellations who attended the banquet left the Demon Realm two days ago. However, it wasn't everyone.
Surrounding by brilliant sparks, the man stood on the walls. He shouted loudly, 
<@>[Everyone, wake up!]
Goryeo's First Sword, Cheok Jungyeong. The huge roar echoed from the walls and the incarnations with the strongest minds barely regained their sanity. They watched Cheok Jungyeong. They didn't know what was coming but there was Cheok Jungyeong on this side. Cheok Jungyeong also had experience fighting against an outer god.
<@>[Outer god! Why did you come here? This isn't your scenario!]
It was a resounding yell towards the sky. A light of hope emerged in the faces of the incarnations after they heard this voice. Cheok Jungyeong shouted once again.
<@>[What a great foreign power, eating up the extra probability!]
Despite the repeated calls, there was no response from the sky. Just like an elephant didn't see an ant, 'it' didn't even look at Cheok Jungyeong. Cheok Jungyeong's expression hardened. If the elephant didn't see an ant then he would make it look.
<@>[■■■■■! Indescribable Distance!]
At this moment, something stared at Cheok Jungyeong. Sparks exploded from Cheok Jungyeong's body. His outer skin was charred black. Cheok Jungyeong's tight muscles were ruptured and blood flowed as a broken star relic flew through the air as ashes. It was the price for merely calling the name. Nevertheless, Cheok Jungyeong raised his sword without backing down.
<@>[It is a sword that cuts the mountains, the sea and even the sun. With this sword, I'll cut you this time.]
The enormity that couldn't be grouped into 'one' description filled Cheok Jungyeong's eyes.
He didn't know where to cut because he couldn't see where it started or ended. In the infinity that even a handful of possibilities didn't exist, Cheok Jungyeong moved.
<@>[Ohhhhhh!]
A beam of light shot from Cheok Jungyeong.
Cutting 1,000 people with one sword. Cutting a great mountain with two swords. Separating the sea with three swords.
The sword shone like a meteor shower as it moved through the vast darkness. For a moment, a ray of light was drawn into the depths of the sky. The incarnations saw the light and were thrilled.
Goryeo's First Sword was fighting the outer god. The next moment, they heard a strange noise in the sky. It was the sound of a star that had finished its life cycle in a distant galaxy. Then something fell from the sky.
"A-Ahh, ah…"
Someone with good vision discovered it first. The cut off arms and legs. Only half of the incarnation body was left and the areas cut off were falling to the ground. Surprise and disbelief. Even those who couldn't see Cheok Jungyeong's expression knew what he was feeling.
A sword that cut a mountain, a sea and even the sun. There was something that this swordsmanship couldn't cut. It was 'unbreakable' from the beginning. It was the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint who caught Cheok Jungyeong's ruined body.
<@>[…Remember the sword.]
Cheok Jungyeong's incarnation body died and he left. It was the incarnation body of a narrative-grade constellation. He broke Surya's train and cut off the legs of an outer god. Yet such a constellation lost his incarnation body in a single moment of battle.
"U-Uwaaaaack!"
The screams of the citizens were heard as fear encroached on their mind. The darkness filled the horizon in all directions. The ground wriggled and moved like a fetus. It was the sound of a giant worm eating its prey. It seemed that the horizon was getting closer. The intensity of the light shining on the ground gradually decreased.
<!>[The 73rd Demon Realm is groaning with pain!]
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint and Kyrgios had already seen this scene in the First Murim.
Kyrgios spoke, "…I'm going to die here because of my crazy disciple."
"Neither you or I have any luck with our disciples."
The world let out a scream. The darkness filled with greed was approaching and eating the 73rd Demon Realm. Kyrgios concentrated all the magic power of the Purest Sword Force.
"This is why we have to stick to probability."
The Indescribable Distance. The outer god, called the disaster of the stars, was in a sense, a probability storm itself. It was the janitor who came from chaos caused by rules of the Star Stream being broken.
"Things have already gone wrong so it can't be helped. I twist it with all my strength!"
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint cried out and two transcendent lights shone brightly.
The sword of Breaking the Sky that split apart the sky. She held the power of First Murim in her arms as the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint shot towards the sky.
Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship.
Destruction skill.
Breaking the Sky Meteor.
It was the sword technique that Yoo Joonghyuk had used in the past. It was the Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship that defeated countless constellations. The first Breaking the Sky Sword shot towards the sky. The explosive magic power was radiant in the air and the meteor sword drew colourful shapes.
However, 'it' didn't even receive a scratch. Like dust drifting in space, the sword disappeared into the void. Her swordsmanship that broke the sky couldn't destroy the universe.
"Kyrgios!"
Kyrgios received the signal and stepped on the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's shoulder before jumping. Kyrgios accelerated with the power of Electrification, penetrating through the atmosphere and flying into the expanse.
An unending universe. In the shadow of the darkness, Kyrgios felt the darkness covering the sky and the gaze of the stars looking from beyond the darkness.
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is emitting a golden light.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is roaring!]
It was a place where stars stayed. It was a place that could never be reached with short human arms. Kyrgios also knew it. Thus, he tried. He tried and tried again.
Stepping on the shards of the Meteor Slash left by the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, Kyrgios jumped higher and higher. He rushed towards the unreachable stars, and the mortal who built his stories through grueling effort finally reached the seat of the stars.
He reached the universe. Kyrgios finally reached a position where he could see 'it'. It was reminiscent of a huge fog. The fog without a definite shape was greedily devouring the 73rd Demon Realm. The centre of the fog contained a thread left behind by Cheok Jungyeong.
The blue-white power climbed to the limit and was concentrated in Kyrgios's right hand.
<@>[From the smallest particle, the universe began.]
Kyrgios' right hand moved along with his fierce cry. Like a big bang, the blue-white energy struck the centre of the fog. There was a white flash and all citizens closed their eyes.
It was the moment the two transcendent forces overwhelmed the darkness covering the universe. The moment the light was turned off, there was a huge crack in the darkness that covered the sky.
The citizens shouted, "H-He did it."
"He did it! The transcendent did it!"
However, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's expression wasn't good. The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint looked at Kyrgios piercing through the expanse and laughed faintly.
'It is up to here'.
Beyond the falling Kyrgios, the sky was splitting. Something in the darkness was awakening. It was a pupil. A huge eye had come to the world. The white lens and black pupils followed the falling Kyrgios. The Breaking the Sky Sword Sword Saint moved and Kyrgios turned around. The transcendent power collided with an irresistible atmosphere.
Kyrgios' long hair turned white. The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint's muscles swelled up until they seemed like they were going to burst. As if suffering from aging, the two transcendent bodies were dying in front of the distant time.
The 'status' of the universe was different. They became transcendent beyond mortals and gained the power to destroy constellations. However, the history of the grueling training they went through was dust compared to the 'history' of the universe.
<!>[The 'Indescribable Distance' is looking at the 73rd Demon Realm.]
The citizens became crazy and rushed around. "Escape! Escape!"
"Kieeeeeek!"
The citizens wept like wild beasts without knowing what they were saying.
<!>[The portal can't be used due to the intervention of a strong presence.]
"What, what, what?"
"W-W-W-What?"
"Wwwwwwhat…"
The bodies of the citizens burst all over. Some of them turned into bizarre beings and others had tentacles emerge from their mouths.
The world was going crazy. However, it wasn't everyone. Before the gaze of that absurd being, there were those who didn't lay down their swords.
"…Not yet. We can fight."
It was Jung Heewon. Jung Heewon gasped but didn't kneel down as she controlled her nausea. One by one, the party members stood beside her. The reason they were able to endure was simple.
<!>[Giant Story 'Demon Realm's Spring' is protecting the incarnations.]
It was because this world was refusing to perish. They were the history of this 73rd Demon Realm.
<!>[The constellation 'Queen of the Darkest Spring' is shouting to flee!]
<!>[The constellation 'Abandoned Lover of the Labyrinth' is screaming.]
<!>[The constellation 'Seo Ae Il Pil' is closing his eyes in pain.]
The party members also knew it. Any power they had was shabby in front of that mighty being. Jung Heewon grabbed the Sword of Judgment and coughed up blood as she shouted.
"Uriel! Please!"
There was no reaction from the Demon-like Judge of Fire. It was the same for Gong Pildu's Defense Master and Lee Hyunsung's Master of Steel. This time, they didn't respond to the request of the incarnations. No, they couldn't respond.
<!>[All the stars in the night sky are silent.]
The constellations in the sky didn't offer anything. Just as thunder and lightning couldn't be controlled, 'that' wasn't something that could be received.
The terrified Osu pissed. Jang Hayoung collapsed on the ground and vomited. The senseless Gong Pildu started to build meaningless walls. Han Myungoh shivered and looked around for a place for his one leg. However, his foot didn't move. In front of the creature that devoured the world, there was no straw for his foot.
"Dokja-ssi!"
Then there was Kim Dokja. Yoo Sangah cried out and everyone looked at the same place. It was the top of the unfinished clock tower. As time flowed slowly, Kim Dokja stood on the edge of the tower.
<!>[The constellation 'Demon King of Salvation' is looking at the night sky.]
A star that uniquely illuminated the night sky that had its light turned off. It was the Demon King of Salvation.
