<title>Ch 474: Ep. 90 - One Person, III
Han Sooyoung just couldn't believe what was happening before her eyes. The Transcendents fell in an instant, and Underworld's Judges were also defeated one after the other.
"Get back, Han Sooyoung!"
As the loud 'Clang!!' resounded out, Jung Heewon standing before her was flung away. The Story mushroomed out from the man grinning mischievously as if he was playing around.
<!>[Giant Story, 'Delusional Design', has begun its storytelling!]
The entire body of the Monarch of the Great Abyss, the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon, began emitting the [Black Flame]'s aura. That aura soon became a silhouette of a dragon with several heads. Its maws split wide open, and soon after, destructive air currents blanketed everything in the surroundings.
Kwa-aaaaaaaah!!
"Yoosung-ah! Gilyoung-ah!"
The exploding chain of the [Black Flame] swallowed the kids.
Yoo Sangah left the battlefield in order to rush out and save them, causing the time/space debuff restraining the 999th turn's Uriel to weaken.
Go-oooooh!
She was regaining her original strength after a short period of it shrinking back.
The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon cackled after witnessing that sight. 【Well, now. What would've happened without my help, I wonder?】
<#>【Shut your mouth. Once I find the 'Secretive Plotter', you're next.】
She shot Kim Namwoon a terrifying glare and then swung her [Flames of Retribution] towards the battlefield.
The one opposing her was the Great Sage. The Ruyi Jingu Bang dancing around stylishly blocked off her sword strikes. Kim Namwoon watched the Great Sage match up evenly to an 'Outer God King' and was thoroughly impressed by this sight.
What caught his attention even more, was the pitch-black aura oozing out from the Great Sage's entire figure.
<#>【The Status of Chaos? Did this guy also become an 'Outer God', too?】
<#>【…More correctly, it seems that one of his entities have become one.】
<#>【Hahaha, what the hell. What's up with this world-line?】
<#>【I shall take care of him, so you bastard, go and take care of the small fries plus the King of the Underworld.】
<#>【Chet, I also wanted to have a go at the Great Sage just like someone else, you know.】
Perhaps enraged by the garbage he just heard, the Great Sage roared on and poured out his magical energy. The golden aura blanketed the entire sky and for a moment there, forced back the [Black Flame]'s attacks.
Unfortunately, he had to suffer quite severe aftermaths all over his body as his price.
<@>[…Goddammit, Meihouwang! Get a grip, man!]
It seemed that the Great Sage's Stories, combined temporarily for this event, were colliding with each other. And now, he was being slowly pushed back from the barrage of the 999th turn's Uriel.
The Myth-grade Constellations acting as the final redoubt were being forced back, as well; the situation on Hades's side was even worse.
Kwa-gwagwagwagwa!!
It was unknown whether <Olympus> holding him back or the internal issue within the <Underworld> itself was to blame, but for some reason, Hades's battle came across as rather stifling, unsatisfactory.
<#>【Hahaha! The 'King of the Underworld', one of the three Gods of Olympus, amount to only this much?】
Hades frowned and continued to silently wield his scythe, but he was still pushed back, forcing Persephone behind telling the Giant Story to step forward as well.
<@>[Did you know? Your soul is currently trapped in the Underworld in this world-line.]
<#>【What rubbish are you talking about? Why am I locked up in there?】
The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon grew irritated and suddenly poured out a huge amount of [Black Flame]. Hades was struck by the attack capable of melting the space itself and his gigantic frame crashed into the ocean.
Han Sooyoung shuddered; that was definitely a type of the [Black Flame] she was familiar with. But just how long did anyone have to train in order to control it to such a degree?
<#>【This is so weird. You telling me that the Black Flame has chosen someone like you as his Incarnation?】
When she raised her head, the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon was already right in front of her eyes.
Han Sooyoung flinched, but before she could shrink back, his hand approached her. The moment she realized it was too late to dodge, sparks danced in the air and his hand was deflected away.
<!>[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is growling.]
<#>【…Oiii, what's this? I'm the real one, Black Flame Dragon-ah.】
Kim Namwoon's eyes gently arced as if he was dealing with a cute puppy.
<!>[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', declares that "you, bastard, aren't my Incarnation".]
<#>【Aha. So you got yourself a shiny new car in this place, is that it? A streak of chilling madness flashed by Kim Namwoon's eyes. In that case, I guess I should turn it into a scrap heap first.】
Kaaaa-booooom!
An explosion going off right in front of her nose caused Han Sooyoung's body to fly backwards. She tried to minimise the impact force by shrinking herself, but even then, she still vomited out a mouthful of blood. She had her Sponsor to thank for not getting killed in that attack.
<!>[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is shouting at you to run away!]
The Abyssal Black Flame Dragon personally incarnated into the skies and wrapped around her as if to protect her. A giant dragon seemingly sculptured out from a slab of obsidian angrily roared out into the world, its eyes seemingly carved out from a pair of rubies burning brightly.
<#>【Hahahaha! This is it! Now this is more like my Black Flame Dragon!】
The two existences commenced with their fierce battle, causing the ocean to buckle as if it was being relentlessly bombarded. Shattered fragments of islands flew about, and the Black Flame Dragon's Breath enveloped the entire sea.
<!>[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is revealing his Status!]
Unfortunately, it was difficult to stop Kim Namwoon after he had become an Outer God, even if it was the Black Flame Dragon doing the fighting.
From the get-go, this opponent was an existence descending to the world as a calamity; the total amount of Probability he was allowed to use was on another scale.
Han Sooyoung began thinking. What should they do in order to stop this utterly nonsensical creature?
⸢If it was Kim Dokja, what could he have done?⸥
<!>[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', has begun its storytelling!]
It was right then that faint sparks danced around her as a sharp pang of pain rang inside her head.
⸢How disappointing. Even in this situation, you're still relying on him?⸥
That was a voice she heard before in the past. In a dream she had, when she was still progressing through the 'Isle of Reincarnators'.
Inside that dream where a man wearing the white coat was killed by another wearing the black coat, Han Sooyoung definitely heard that voice.
⸢It's because you're like this that that fool was so full of himself in my regression turn.⸥
The Story was actually talking to her.
'You are…'
⸢I wasn't planning to interfere anymore, but… I'm going to help you one more time.⸥
The voice sounded as if it was being very generous to her. Along with the sensation of time slowing down greatly, her cognitive ability expanded as well. Countless Han Sooyoungs woke up inside her head and opened their mouths at the same time.
⸢Everything that happens in the world has already happened. There's nothing to be surprised about.⸥
A visceral sensation seemingly hardwired to the future completely took hold of her brain. An ability that could create a world she didn't know previously by combining numerous clichés, patterns, and given information, went to work. The memories of the 'Ways of Survival' she read, the info she heard from Kim Dokja, and the info she gleamed herself, were pieced together logically to write a new story.
Someone was laughing now.
⸢That's right. Now that is the true [Predictive Plagiarism].⸥
And Han Sooyoung realized what she needed to do now.
<!>[Story, 'Predictive Plagiarism', is continuing on with its storytelling!]
She couldn't tell if it'd work or not. However…
'…If it's Kim Dokja, he'd have done it'.
⸢Again, again you…!⸥
The Black Flame Dragon's loud, rough roar covered up the entire sky. The battle had been going on only for a brief while, yet the creature's proud figure was riddled with wounds both large and small. Just as the dragon spread open its torn wings to pour out a Breath…
"That's enough, Flame Dragon-ah."
<!>[Constellation, 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon', is…]
"Let me take care of this, so believe in me and take a step back."
The Black Flame Dragon's eyes were quickly dyed in confusion after seeing Han Sooyoung step forward as if to protect her Sponsor. Rather than explaining herself to the dragon, she took yet another step forward.
<#>【Hoh-oh, so you want to fight me personally? With that chestnut-sized body of yours?】
The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon emitted an incredible amount of aura. The Giant Story ⸢Delusional Design⸥ wielded grinder-like sharp blades, already fully prepared to cut and slice Han Sooyoung up at any given moment. However, she didn't seem to be fazed at all.
"Kim Namwoon. You haven't changed even after becoming an Outer God."
<#>【What's this? You sound like you know about me?】
"Right, I know a lot about you. You, the idiot who failed to fulfil his unrequited love and even after becoming an Outer God, is still chasing after a girl."
The 999th turn's Kim Namwoon's jaw slowly dropped.
⸢All Outer Gods have lost their memories. Or, what little remains are unstable.⸥
⸢In that case, how did 'Kings' retain their memories?⸥
⸢Could it be that those memories are far too precious to them?⸥
"The dude who couldn't even confess properly when good opportunities presented themselves, yet still puts on underwear with giant robots on them just in case."
<#>【…You, you! What the hell are you?! How do you know something that not even my captain knew…?!】
"The reason why you always bandage your hand is probably to hide that self-inflicted wound on your wrist, right? You didn't want Lee Jihye to discover that."
Kim Namwoon was momentarily overcome by fluster, but he managed to quickly fix his expression.
"Why do you like Lee Jihye?"
<!>[Story, 'Forty-Thousand-Year-Old Crush', is getting agitated.]
<#>【…T-that is, because Jihye is pretty…】
"Nope. You might be trash, but you don't have the setting of lusting after women."
<#>【Setting? What the hell are you talking about…】
"The reason why you like Lee Jihye so much is because she trusts and follows Yoo Joonghyuk."
<#>【What dogshit is…】
"You wanted to be acknowledged by her. That you're good enough to replace Yoo Joonghyuk."
<!>[Giant Story, 'Delusional Design', is getting greatly agitated!]
"Actually, you just wished to become like Yoo Joonghyuk."
Han Sooyoung stared deeply into the eyes of the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon that were getting colder and harder.
<#>【What an entertaining… story. However, I don't have much time left, you see? I ain't gonna listen to your bull…】
Han Sooyoung didn't know whether saying these things were a right move or not. No, in truth, she knew it wasn't one. Even then, she simply had to say them. In order to save this world, she must…
"And by doing that, you… want to be forgiven by Lee Jihye."
…Must ruthlessly dig into the old wounds from another world.
"If it weren't for your mistake, the 999th turn's Yoo Joonghyuk wouldn't have died, after all."
Tsu-chuchuchut!
Almost instantly, sparks exploded forth from the entire figure of the 999th turn's Kim Namwoon. Sounds of something creaking could be heard next. The foundational Stories that formed his core were cracking apart. Those were noises of his memories breaking down.
<#>【You…】
The enraged Kim Namwoon hurriedly gathered up his Stories now swimming in confusion and roared out. The light in his eyes faded in and out repeatedly.
Han Sooyoung quietly observed him in the meantime.
⸢Even [Predictive Plagiarism] can't know everything.⸥
Her overheating head felt hot as if it was burning in flames.
She hadn't read the entirety of the 'Ways of Survival' like Kim Dokja had done, nor did she live through the 999th turn for real like Yoo Joonghyuk.
However, there were certain things she could still tell without having to hear or see them. That was the power of imagination – the power to infer the context even though she didn't know the finer details of a particular story.
As long as there was a situation, its development pre-arranged, and with the 'Probability' existing in this world…
Her 'Predictive Plagiarism' could exercise a near-omniscient level of power.
"Kim Namwoon."
Han Sooyoung walked in the sky one step at a time. He staggered about, hugging his Stories while growling like a wounded beast.
⸢Han Sooyoung stared at such Kim Namwoon's Story.⸥
It was the same for Yoo Joonghyuk as well as the Constellations.
All creatures that lived for a long time were the same; just as their strengths were reflected in their history, so did their weaknesses, also reflected in their past. That was the fate of the ones telling such stories, the ones being told in those stories.
Like an author using a pen to scribble out unnecessary parts, Han Sooyoung reached out towards Kim Namwoon.
⸢Just like when Kim Dokja made the 1863rd turn's Yoo Joonghyuk give in.⸥
"You probably want to go back to those times. However, you must've despaired at the fact that you can never go back."
<#>【Y-you, if you keep running your mouth…!】
"However, you need to know this. The world-line you lived in is over, and the people you loved aren't going to come back. And the likes of you can never become Yoo Joonghyuk. You can never save anyone nor can you atone for your sins."
Kim Namwoon's cheeks were trembling. The foundation of a being who witnessed the 'Conclusion' of the 999th regression turn and became an 'Outer God King', was unsteadily shaking about. He made an expression of a man whose every Story had been lost. In that moment, his face was of a seventeen-year-old boy thrown into the world for the first time. His Story that existed for tens of thousands of years, his unshakeable delusions he had built up all this time, were crumbling apart with just a few well-placed words.
<#>【N-no, that's not true. I, I am…】
Han Sooyoung spoke as if she was putting the full stop on that small crack. "You are simply an eternal prisoner trapped in this stinking <Star Stream>, that's all."
Pah-chuchuchut!
<#>【Kim Namwoon!!】
The 999th turn's Uriel roared out in her true voice, and Kim Namwoon's fading consciousness woke back up.
<!>[Story, 'Companion of Desperate Spirit', has begun its storytelling!]
The only thing capable of rebuilding a broken Story was another Story. Kim Namwoon's Story that she worked so hard to disrupt was regaining its original shape. Light was returning to his eyes, too. Han Sooyoung could only smile wryly.
'Goddammit, I thought it was going well. Still, did I hurt him at least a little bit?'
Soon, great rage filled up Kim Namwoon's eyes.
<#>【…Haha, I almost got done in there. I see, so there was a reason why the Black Flame Dragon had chosen you.】
A powerful premonition of death washed over her. The [Predictive Plagiarism] tautly spinning around suddenly sagged like a snapped tape. The tragic premonition of death being unavoidable no matter where she ran off to.
It was then, she heard that voice again alongside the 'Tsu-chut!'
⸢This should be enough. Because the protagonist is here.⸥
Her senses seemingly connected to the future rapidly grew murky. Kim Namwoon's fist raised up high towards the sky froze still. Everyone within the battlefield could sense it. Something incredible was approaching them.
Ku-gugugugu!
A 'Status' that simply by its existence alone could lead a world to its annihilation.
The first one to react was the 999th turn's Uriel. 【It's him!!】
She roared out a horrifying howl towards the skies and quickly left the battle, before flinging herself towards the direction of that Status.
Kim Namwoon too stared in that direction. 【You… You got really lucky this time. Next time we meet, I will…】
He alternated his gaze between Han Sooyoung and the Black Flame Dragon and hesitated, before disappearing in the direction of where Uriel had gone off to. Having lost all sense of tension, she plopped down on her butt on top of the Dragon's body. She stared beyond the horizon where those two had disappeared and recalled the last thing Kim Dokja said to her.
– Han Sooyoung, if in the one-in-a-million chance that something goes wrong…
– Will you stop planting those ominous foreshadows already??
She thought that such things wouldn't happen.
– No matter what, you gotta endure until that guy shows up.
"That bastard. Making such a cool entrance and stuff."
She could hear thunderclaps going off in the distant night sky, stained by the auras of the [Hellfire] and [Black Flame].
A man with an ancient face was descending on the heavens of end times.
