<title>Ch 230: Ep. 43 - Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, IV
The preparations were soon over. I entrusted the Yoo Joonghyuk Industrial Complex to Aileen and the Kim Dokja Industrial Complex to Mark and some council members.
…Rather, it felt strange hearing the Kim Dokja Industrial Complex. Was there really an industrial complex with that name in the Demon Realm? I thought the people would be unhappy.
"Damn, I'm just a pub owner. Is it possible to leave that to me?"
"It is just like running the pub. It is only until I come back. I have transferred some of the rights so you should be able to handle security."
Mark had an unconvinced expression despite my words. "Still, wouldn't it be good for you to show your face? The people of the industrial complex will be quite confused."
"I don't have time to go there right now."
"If a new revolutionary appears…"
"The whole area has passed onto the next scenario. A revolutionary won't appear for a while."
Mark seemed convinced by my words. It was slightly uneasy but it would be enough to leave the industrial complex to Mark for a while. It was Mark who was the greatest help to the damaged industrial complex in the original novel. Kim Dokja Industrial Complex was already in a panic due to the devastation caused by Yoo Joonghyuk so people like Mark were needed.
Mark led the council members towards the Kim Dokja Industrial Complex. Han Myungoh watched their backs and suddenly opened his mouth, "Then we should depart."
"We?"
I looked back at Han Myungoh with a frown.
…When did this person pack his bags?
"I won't stay here alone."
"…"
"I also have a good eye when it comes to martial arts. I read many martial arts novels when I was young."
In fact, I knew why Han Myungoh wanted to follow. To be precise, it was Han Myungoh's boss, not Han Myungoh.
<!>[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' is looking at you.]
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is glaring at Demon King Asmodeus.]
I felt sorry for Uriel but I couldn't help right now. It was best to maintain a good relationship with Asmodeus for now, as I didn't know about the development of the third regression in the revised version. There was also something more worrisome than Uriel and Asmodeus.
"There are too many dregs."
"Do you complain about the world?"
Jang Hayoung and Yoo Joonghyuk were glaring at each other. I sighed. My purpose was meeting the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint which meant Yoo Joonghyuk had to come along. Jang Hayoung was also necessary as a liaison. Above all, this journey would be a great help to Jang Hayoung's growth.
"Then let's depart." I sent a signal and Biyoo opened a portal in the air with a 'baat' sound. There was a whirling sound and a portal was created. It wasn't the size of the Great Hole but it was enough for the four of us to go across.
Yoo Joonghyuk hurriedly entered as soon as the portal appeared. Jang Hayoung watched Yoo Joonghyuk disappearing and spoke in a tense voice, "…I've never left the Demon Realm before."
After the first dimensional movement, Jang Hayoung always lived in the Demon Realm. I wanted to give words of encouragement but Han Myungoh unexpectedly opened his mouth first.
"Believe in me. I've read more than 300 volumes of martial arts novels. You just have to follow me."
I smiled at Han Myungoh's words.
…Over 300 martial arts novels. I didn't know it if would be similar to the First Murim.
"Let's go."
The three of us plunged into the portal at the same time. My vision darkened and the landscape of the universe unfolded before me. I crossed the universe as a ray of light. It was the Star Stream galaxy where countless stories were spoken. A few stars stared at me passing by and once I came to my senses, I was touching the rough ground.
"Wow, I'm dizzy…"
Jang Hayoung was retching to the side while Han Myungoh looked like he had climbed a mountain.
I didn't see where Yoo Joonghyuk had disappeared to.
…He probably didn't want to meet the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.
"Ohh, this place…" The overexcited Han Myungoh urged us forward with a childlike expression. I probably looked like this at the beginning of Ways of Survival.
<!>[You have arrived at the Blue Dragon Castle.]
The portal in the sky closed with this message and I started examining the area.
<&>「 The Blue Dragon Castle is one of the four great fortresses of the First Murim. 」
According to the description in Ways of Survival, this was one of the largest castles in the First Murim. Based on the size of the square, the city must be enormous. It was a sprawling city centred around the big palace.
The markets and lively streets were selling various things. There were Murim people sitting in front of small and large houses. No one showed apparent hostility but I could guess how powerful they were.
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is making an interested expression.]
<!>[Some constellations are nostalgic at the sight of the First Murim.]
The First Murim was a place where countless strong people were born and raised. Perhaps some of the constellations had passed through this place. Jang Hayoung glanced around the surroundings like he was overwhelmed by the atmosphere and opened his mouth. "…It is a Chinese style? Is it originally like this?'
"The 'martial arts' background is originally like this."
Despite saying it was the Chinese style, the red lanterns were Japanese-style while some Southeast Asian architecture was mixed in. Of course, there were things unique to China. For example, the Chinese dress…
<!>[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at you.]
I walked while pretending I didn't hear it. The fortress was so wide that I couldn't get a feel for the size. However, if I read it correctly, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint shouldn't be in this area.
First… we should head towards the market. Since we came all the way here, I wanted to try the dishes of the First Murim. The best things to eat were dumplings and chicken broth. These two dishes were the food that Yoo Joonghyuk ate the most in the First Murim.
He often described the scene of himself eating dumplings with hot chicken broth. At night, I would clutch my empty stomach and head to the convenience store to buy a 1,000 won steamed bun.
"Hmm, I don't see anyone training in martial arts."
"They wouldn't carelessly show off their martial arts. You'd know if you had read 300 volumes of martial arts novels."
"Still, there should be martial arts masters around here, right? Maybe even martial pavilions?"
"Yes, of course."
"I'm looking forward to it."
I stared at Han Myungoh with pitying eyes. This man seemed to think that this 'Murim' was the 'Murim' he knew. Not long afterwards, Han Myungoh's expectations started to slowly crumble.
"…Something is strange."
"What do you mean?"
Han Myungoh stared closely at a passing incarnation, as if he had seen something that shouldn't be seen. "Why are the Murim people wearing jeans?"
"Why can't they wear jeans?"
"No, there can't be jeans in China during this era…"
"They are probably tourists, like us."
It wasn't just jeans. Most people wore earphones or large headphones while there were also incarnations using smartphone-like devices. There were those who pursued the so-called Murim fashion but approximately half of them didn't fit the world, like us.
Han Myungoh felt despair as his romance was destroyed before his eyes, and I briefly sighed. "I know what you were imagining, but this is what the Murim is like these days."
"I-Is that so?"
"Of course. The cities are all like this now."
"This isn't the Murim that I wanted…"
“Well, anything you see in person tends to be disappointing.”
Even so, Han Myungoh didn't give up. He learnt an interpretation skill and talked to a street vendor. His way of speaking matched the Murim World. "Excuse me, where can I find a martial arts hall?"
The merchant, who had been dozing off against a pile of goods on a shabby stand, stared at Han Myungoh with wide eyes. "Hm? I guess you just got here."
"Yes."
"Why do you want a martial arts hall? Do you want to learn martial arts?"
"Since I came to Murim, shouldn't I learn the sword?"
"Ahaha, indeed. That's right. Your words are correct."
Han Myungoh's lips curved in satisfaction.
<!>[The character 'Chu Gukmyung' has triggered 'Bargaining Lv. 4'.]
It was a really bad case from the start. "However, you seem to be misunderstanding something. These days, we don't learn martial arts from martial arts halls."
"Huh? What does that mean?"
"Haha, those sweaty traditional martial arts teaching methods are used only in places like the rural 100th Murim World. No one learns martial arts like that these days. You seem to be from a dark corner of the world, so I will give you some special information - consider yourself lucky."
Han Myungoh was confused. "Then how do you learn martial arts these days?"
"We use this."
The merchant brushed off the dust accumulated on the goods. The box that the merchant held contained something that was similar to a small MP3 player.
+
[Heaven and Earth Ice Spirit Sword - Unopened Set]
-A recording engraved with information directly from the brain of the martial artist, the Ice Flower Goddess!
–Repeated learning is the key! Gain enlightenment about the principles by repetitive learning from a young age!
–Six month installment plan avialable! At only 500 coins per month, anyone can become a master!
+
"…What is this?"
"It's all the rage among young people these days. It is rumoured that anyone can become a master if they use this 1,000 times."
"Is that true… really?"
"Of course it's true. I've lived in Murim for over 10 years - would I lie? Did you not  see all those young people walking around with earphones?"
"Yes, I've seen them. Don't tell me-?"
The merchant nodded significantly at Han Myungoh's question. 
"Everyone's listening to it these days. The youngsters are all busy studying."
"Huh… I see. So that's what it was. I'm behind the times."
"Huhu, this is a limited edition. It was directly recorded by the Ice Flower Goddess herself. You know her, right? She's the sweetheart of Murim's eardrums. Here, have a listen - it works wonders even when you're not asleep."
Han Myungoh plugged the earphones in his ears while Jang Hayoung rummaged through the merchant's goods.
+
[Phantom Flyer Home Training — 6 Months Set]
-You can become a master if you follow it 10,000 times!
+
+
[Follow the South Palace Sword King's Lessons!]
-Reach the peak through the safest and fastest way - online lectures of Murim's top instructor, the South Palace Sword King!
–A 24-hour Q&A board is active. No need to worry about coins - Feel free to contact us anytime!
+
Come to think of it, these recordings were at the peak of their popularity during this time. They were said to stimulate the subconscious, allowing one to learn the martial arts simply by listening at home - comfortably, effortlessly, and without ever stepping into a training hall.
The merchant stared at Jang Hayoung, who was recklessly rummaging through the goods. "Hey there, young miss or mister… whatever you are. Don't mess up the goods if you aren't buying - they're expensive."
"Can we really become a master with something like this?"
"Don't you see the reviews here? All our products are certified by professional agencies."
I remembered the first time I read about these listening devices in Ways of Survival. The reviews of the Murim people were also shown.
–Baek Youngshin (12 years old, male): I listened to it because of a friend. It was very good. I have been placing first in my private academy since the third month.
–Tanlangmiyo (32 years old, female): Honestly, I listened for three weeks and thought it was too long… By the sixth week, I started to hear the principles that I didn't know!!!
–Hwa Wang Bangun (24 years old, male): After hearing this, my performance in the scenarios became better. The scenario difficulty?? I'm not afraid of the dokkaebis anymore!!!
They were clearly false advertisements but it was a temptation for any incarnation who actually visited the First Murim for the first time. They were incarnations who had survived countless brutal scenarios.
However, it wasn't easy to master martial arts techniques profound enough to reduce the difficulty level of the scenario with just a few coins.
Han Myungoh, who had complained that he didn't like this Murim, suddenly changed his mind. 
"Would you like to listen to it once?" 
"It really feels like the martial arts just flows into you―"
"Huhu Mister, you are in good shape. That's known as the lightheaded phenomenon and usually occurs after three weeks."
"Ah, is that so? Then how much in a lump sum— "
I was about to stop him when a cold, chilling voice came from behind me.
"If people could become experts using such a thing, the First Murim would never have fallen."
