<title>Ch 107: Ep. 21 – Things That Can't Be Changed, V
<!>[The level of the Bookmark skill is low, shortening the activation time.]
<!>[Activation Time: 30 minutes]
<!>[Your understanding of the character is significant. You can select some of her skills to import.]
Shin Yoosung ran towards me and I ran towards her. No one wanted to kill each other and there was no sincerity. This was only a fight for the constellations' amusement. Everything was a scenario and therefore everything was fake. However, the result of this battle was that someone was going to die.
<!>['Judgment Time Lv. 5' has been activated.]
The activation skill was level 5. It seemed that Jung Heewon had been training hard. Jung Heewon wasn't here but it wasn't bad.
<!>[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' is embarrassed.]
<!>[Constellations of the Absolute Good system are deep in thought.]
It was natural to be confused since someone who wasn't a judge had used an unauthorized skill. Yet they were bound to give me permission. It was because the presence in front of me was obviously evil.
<!>[The Absolute Good constellations have agreed to the use of this skill.]
A hot aura sprang up from deep inside my body. It was a blind sense of righteousness that would punish all evils in the world. The history of the archangels who fought a holy war with the great demons passed through my head in pieces.
–Punish evil.
Judgment Time was originally a skill used by the great valkyries. Thus, the user of this skill received the archangels' favour.
The madness that excluded everything other than the narrow definition of justice wriggled in my brain. Jung Heewon felt like this every time she killed other people for me. It was terrible.
A wave of unrivaled magic power burst out from the Blade of Faith. The ether blade resonated and moved in a straight line towards Shin Yoosung.
Blood splashed from the shoulder of the surprised Shin Yoosung. The Beast King's Sensitivity that wasn't damaged by the shells of the Ghost Fleet was finally torn. Drops of blood fell onto the white fur.
Hour of Judgement. The user of this skill couldn't be defeated as long as the enemy was 'evil'.
Now all my stats rose to the point where I could resist the disaster Shin Yoosung. Judgment Time was a fraudulent skill. There were only a few skills in all of Ways of Survival that could give such crazy buffs.
"Everyone attack!"
I might've become stronger but Shin Yoosung's skill masteries were still ahead of me. Thus, I needed help.
"When she is attacking normally, support using ranged attacks. When trying a wide range attack, be sure to get behind me!"
The party members nodded at my words.
"If you don't have ranged support then kill the monsters emerging from the Monster Gate. It is urgent as well."
In fact, it was because monsters were still emerging from Shin Yoosung's Monster Gate that Yongsan-gu was almost on the verge of collapse.
"Everyone fight!"
The kings ordered and the full-fledged battle began. The forces of the kings blocked the monsters coming from the Monster Gate. Most of them were 7th grade species and were quite daunting. Fortunately, the incarnations didn't seem to be greatly pushed back.
"I'll take care of that monkey."
Lee Hyunsung ran towards the 5th grade Heavy Metal Kong.
"I will take Yoosung's king."
Lee Gilyoung moved with the young Shin Yoosung.
Queen Mirabad controlled by Shin Yoosung roared and some of the insect kings' subordinates that Lee Gilyoung summoned rushed towards the King Masswood. The cold breaths of the ichthyosaurs poured towards each other and Lee Jihye stepped forward.
"Ahjussi, leave the covering fire to me."
"I'll block her movements."
Lee Jihye fired the cannons and Yoo Sangah made a trap with Arachne's Spiderweb, keeping the movements of the disaster Shin Yoosung in check. Of course, it was only a small help.
The shell bombardment barely damaged her and Shin Yoosung just tore apart the web. It was better than nothing.
"Yoo Joonghyuk. Can you fight?"
Apart from me, only Yoo Joonghyuk could follow the movements of Shin Yoosung and endure her attacks to some extent.
"…Don't worry about me."
Yoo Joonghyuk spilled blood on the floor as he stood beside me with the Splitting the Sky Sword. He might've already used Recovery because his condition seemed better than before. There wouldn't be long until he received the backlash of using Recovery.
I asked, "How many minutes do you have left?"
"30 minutes. You?"
"I am the same."
It was only possible to use Bookmark for 30 minutes. Thus, I had to end it in only 30 minutes. The black aura flowing from Shin Yoosung's body thickened. It meant that her physical stats were increasing due to the evil energy.
Yoo Joonghyuk's expression hardened. "…It seems that she joined hands with a great demon to cross worlds."
Yoo Joonghyuk's guess was right. In fact, now her soul was mortgaged to a great demon. Then that great demon turned her over to the damn dokkaebis.
<@>[Hahaha, interesting. Very interesting.]
The intermediate dokkaebi sounded pleasantly surprised.
<!>[The scenario is now like this.]
It was a battlefield were blood splattered and flesh was damaged. The destruction of Seoul Dome, which I wanted to prevent, was approaching with every second.
<!>[Many constellations are excited by the battle.]
"Let's go."
Yoo Joonghyuk launched himself quickly along with his words. Shin Yoosung puffed up and blew a breath towards us.
Beast King's Breath. It was an ether storm of destructive that was comparable to the 5th grade sea species' Ice Breath.
"Avoid it!"
Yoo Joonghyuk invoked Red Phoenix Shunpo to the extreme and escaped from the attacks of the disaster Shin Yoosung. I didn't avoid the attacks like Yoo Joonghyuk and used Beast King's Sensitivity instead. I felt genuinely impressed with Yoo Joonghyuk's combat senses.
The disaster was a disaster but Yoo Joonghyuk was a monster. It was only Yoo Joonghyuk who could resist the disaster without the Judgment Time buff. He was a strong, cool, ruthless regressor. I was relieved that he was currently on my side.
"Do it properly, Kim Dokja!"
"I'm doing it!"
"Dammit…"
I just needed to approach and deal a blow, but it wasn't that easy. After several successful attacks, Shin Yoosung became more violent.
She was in a berserk state and kept firing the ether storm. Her magic power might be depleted but I was barely able to withstand it with Beast King's Sensitivity.
Yoo Joonghyuk had dealt some blows but the damage hardly accumulated. How long did we exchange blows? It had been already 20 minutes when I came to my senses.
Yoo Joonghyuk's physical strength dropped sharply and the magic power potions I drank like juice were running out.
Strong. I never thought I would struggle so much despite using Hour of Judgement. My stiff body creaked violently. The side effects of Judgment Time were gradually being felt.
<@>[Hahaha! This is a really nice scenario. Constellations, don't you agree?]
I listened to the voice of the intermediate dokkaebi and moved forward with all my strength. The fur of the Beast King's Sensitivity flapped like crazy.
My skin became black from the ether storm. One step, two steps. I got near but time wasn't on our side. I wouldn't be able to do enough damage before the 30 minutes was up.
Then something happened inside Shin Yoosung's body. Her body shook like she was struck by lightning and her dark eyes temporarily recovered its senses.
<&>「 Attack me. 」
The disaster Shin Yoosung was controlling her body with her will.
<&>「 Stop me. 」
I didn't say it but I heard it.
<&>「 Protect this 'round'. 」
I broke through the temporarily weakened ether storm and ran forward with Yoo Joonghyuk. I swung my sword and blood splattered from Shin Yoosung's body.
<!>[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' is looking at you.]
I did my best not to show the worst performance.
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is looking at you.]
Shin Yoosung screamed as she was cut by the blade and the storm blew Yoo Joonghyuk back.
"…Go, Kim Dokja."
I pierced through the gap that Yoo Joonghyuk made. The Blade of Faith dug exactly into Shin Yoosung's shoulder without hesitation.
Magic power ran through the blade and ripped through the Beast King's Sensitivity. Then Shin Yoosung's left arm was cut off.
Blood fell. I stared into Shin Yoosung's face. Just like in Ways of Survival, Shin Yoosung was smiling. I realized that she deliberately allowed herself to be hit by my sword.
<!>[A number of constellations can't take their eyes off your battle.]
"Dammit…" I smiled weakly and the sword fell from my hands.
Shin Yoosung laughed.
<&>「 Don't you look stupid? 」
She grabbed me and threw me to the ground without any screams of anger. However, it didn't hurt. It wasn't an attack.
<&>「 Do you want to continue? 」
"Yes."
I swung my sword towards her and Shin Yoosung fired a breath at me again. It was like an answer to a question. We frantically damaged each other.
"It can't continue like this."
My Beast King's Sensitivity was losing its effect because I was lacking magic power. Hour of Judgement strengthened my body to the limits but it was just a temporary crutch. Blood flowed and the world spun because of dizziness. However, I didn't stop. The damage was definitely accumulating.
<!>[Some constellations reluctant towards you have become curious.]
Go crazy.
<!>[Constellations roaming the battlefields are paying attention to your battle.]
Make a lot of fuss.
<!>[Constellations of the great battlefields praise your will.]
Just wait until the day I go and pull out your tongues.
How many more blows did we exchange? My weakened body staggered back.
<!>[There are 30 seconds left for Bookmark.]
Some internal organs were damaged and a broken rib kept irritating my lungs. I did the best I could yet the disaster was still strong. The recovered eyes of Shin Yoosung were once again turning black.
In any case, this Disaster of Floods seemed stronger than the original novel. The disaster Shin Yoosung looked at me with anxious eyes.
<&>「 It isn't enough. 」
She couldn't commit suicide. The intermediate dokkaebi wouldn't allow her to die that way. This was the limit that she could penalize herself. I was also at my limit in a different way.
<&>「 How are you going to stop me? 」
"Don't worry. They'll come soon. The person who will stop you."
From the beginning, I had no intention of killing Shin Yoosung with my own hands. It was impossible for Yoo Joonghyuk in his current state. There was still one person remaining who could kill her.
The moment Shin Yoosung's mouth was about to open, the ground around her exploded.
There was the distant roar of artillery. A woman dressed in a blue prison uniform appeared from the north. The monsters split apart and troops advanced to this side. A woman in a mask stood in the middle and commanded the army.
The King of Wanderers. I thought she had gone somewhere but she had been taking care of the monsters as she advanced from the north. However, they weren't the one I was waiting for.
I looked at a person who was running this way. The woman turned this way and asked, "Sorry, am I late?"
"Just a bit late."
"Stop pretending. Aren't you still alive?"
The Judge of Destruction. 10 days later, Jung Heewon was much more restrained than I knew. She lightly patted my shoulders and moved.
"Leave it to me and take a break."
A red aura rose as she activated Hour of Judgement. It was much more powerful than the skill I stole. Jung Heewon was the last card I had left. If this failed…
Had I done enough damage to Shin Yoosung? Would Jung Heewon finish the job well?
"What are you so worried about?" Jung Heewon asked with a smile. Confidence that was different than usual filled her voice. It wasn't just Judgment Time that she believed in.
<!>[The constellation 'Scribe of Heaven' is talking to himself.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' shows hostility towards Jung Heewon's sponsor.]
That reminded me, Jung Heewon had a sponsor. Who had she chosen? Shin Yoosung watched Jung Heewon with shaky eyes.
<&>「 You… 」
"I roughly know the situation. My sponsor was making a lot of noise along the way." Jung Heewon faced Shin Yoosung with sad eyes. "Thus, there is no need to worry."
Jung Heewon lightly swept her sword in front of her. Flames started to rise from the places her hands touched.
It was early in the morning. On a night where the darkness of Seoul was the darkest, Jung Heewon's blade burned. The flames on the blade were brighter than any flames I had seen. It was the holy white flames of a stigma that would punish all evil.
<@>[Hell Flames Ignition.]
I naturally knew this stigma very well. I remembered the description of the stigma from Ways of Survival.
In some cases, it was one of the greatest stigmas of Ways of Survival and boasted powerful destructive power comparable to the stigma of The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal.
Hell Flames Ignition was the stigma of Demon-like Judge of Fire.
Jung Heewon laughed coldly. "I will finish this damn scenario."
The archangel Uriel chose Jung Heewon as an incarnation.
