< Prologue. This is not an Announcement >
(TL: The Next 50 chapters are MTL translated and thus have somewhat weird editing, If you know any good quality TLs then feel free to contact me about it, or alternatively you can edit it yourself :) )
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint Side Story
Prologue. This is not an Annoucement
Thank you for your patience, everyone.
I'm finally going to start writing Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint's side story.
I've started, but I don't really know what to write about. I didn't write the story with a prequel in
mind.
While I was on hiatus, I read the comments you fans left on the last chapter, and I was blown
away.
You guys are geniuses.
I, on the other hand, am clueless... so clueless, in fact, that I haven't even decided on a main
character yet.
When I was writing the main story, it flowed nicely, but now my head is spinning like someone
slapped me hard on the back of the head.
Nevertheless, I'm writing a notice like this because I have to write a notice first.
.
.
.
I stopped typing and hit backspace.
Shit, what am I doing? No matter how bad the situation is, this crap is not what a professional
writer would write.
I bit my nails and started to write a new sentence.
How about I start it like this.
.
.
.
Now that I think about it, I've never introduced myself before. My identity was revealed in

chapter 549 of 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint', but I'm sure you've all forgotten.
To put it in Kim Dokja's words, I'm this kind of person.
Lee Hakhyun (李鶴翾).
My father named me after the noble crane, saying that I would fly like a crane, and paid 300,000
won at the philosophy museum to make a name for me.
Crane (鶴), light fly (翾).
The philosophy museum that gave me my name later went out of business, and it wasn't until
then that my father discovered the hidden parenthesis in front of the word "fly," which is the
meaning of hyun (翾).
翾 light fly
1. to fly (lightly)
In short, I am this kind of person.
Lee Hakhyun, 33 years old.
1. a (lightly) successful web novel writer.
For reference, the names of my only hits are as follows.
+
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint - 551 chapters
ㅡAuthor Lee Hakhyun
+
A full-length fantasy novel with 551 chapters, "Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint".
"Omniscient Reader" for short.
I have been living with this novel for two years, from my late 20s to early 30s, during the
serialization period.......
.
.
.
I got that far and hit backspace.
It just became a bio. It's terrible. I'm not even the main character, so what's the point of
introducing myself?
Tsukukuskus.
That's not a probability spark, that's my phone ringing.
I pressed the call button, looking as serious as Kim Dokja preparing for the possible aftermath.
Then I heard the voice of the Dokkaebi in charge.
ㅡDear Author.

It was the second worst phrase I'd been dreading lately.
"Yes."
ㅡYou're writing the side story, right?
And this is the first.
"No."
The person sighing at the other end of the phone was Ji Eunyoo, my dedicated editor.
Ji Eunyoo is a PD[1] who has been in the industry for a long time, and it was because of this
person that I wrote pure literature. If you think about it, she was a lifesaver.
ㅡWhat do you want to write?
I replied in a somber voice.
"I don't know what to write."
ㅡYou're not playing the game, are you? The new one?
"I just installed it."
ㅡWhy are you on Steam?
"It just started automatically when I turned on my computer."
ㅡNo, I just got a notification that you're playing a game.
I said, closing the game that was loading.
"Do you really think I play games only to play games? I'm just trying to get ideas."
ㅡI used to believe that.
There's a theory that Ji Eunyoo has picked up in her six years as an editor.
Writers who play games to get ideas only keep playing games even if they get ideas.
Actually, I think that's true.
ㅡWhat about the idea you mentioned before?
"I tried to write it but I couldn't."
ㅡDidn't you say you would do a crossover with your previous works? We talked about it
briefly.
I remembered the names of my previous works one by one.

『Orc Philosopher』
『Infinite Prisoner』
『System Breaker』
『Wizard of the Undying World』
『Method Master』
『How to Become a Famous Writer』
.......
No matter how much I thought about it, there was no way that those works could be related with
my novel.
Moreover, 'How to Become a Famous Writer' is an outrageous story about a person who
becomes a 'famous writer' by being possessed by the writer Lee Hakhyun (yes, that's my name),
so there was no way I could do a crossover with another novel.
And most of all,
"Why would I do a crossover with them?"
Most of those novels never made it to the paywall, and I stopped writing them.
ㅡThey were fun.
"That doesn't make me feel any better."
ㅡYou said you got drunk and went up on to the rooftop and came up with something. What
about we do that again?
"I already tried."
ㅡDid you get any tingling sensation in the back of your head? Or a dream with Han Sooyoung.
I sighed, unable to laugh or cry.
In the novel, Yoo Joonghyuk hit me in the back of the head, and Han Sooyoung sent me a novel,
even though she wrote it well...... I don't know. Nowadays, I also think I'd rather it was real.
ㅡEh, I'm sorry.
I know. I'm sure Ji Eunyoo is frustrated too.
We're hearing about the market crashing every day. I heard that Ji Eunyoo's management is also
experiencing financial difficulties. Many of the people they had hired were leaving, and their
writers were changing companies or leaving the market one by one.
I wonder if it would help if I wrote a book in the meantime.
ㅡAnyway, there are a lot of readers waiting for your story.
"Where?"
It's an embarrassing story, but 'Omniscient Reader' was once a free bestseller on the platform and
it was quite well received.

I got readers who liked my novel, and I got responses on various communities.
After finishing my work, I used to secretly search for 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' and see
the reactions of readers.
It was all in the past.
No one remembers my novels anymore.
ㅡDon't say that. It's true.
Where are they then?
I swallowed the question that was bubbling up.
"I'll do my best."
I replied grimly and hung up the phone, realizing that I needed a drink tonight.
I closed my laptop and headed to the local convenience store to pick up a can of beer and some
snacks. At first I picked up some potato chips, then put them back down and grabbed a protein
biscuit.
I'm at an age where I have to pay attention to these things.
After a quick checkout, I was sipping my beer when I remembered Ji Eunyoo's words.
「"There are a lot of readers waiting for your story."」
By the way, the above hyphen (「」) is a symbol I use when I have a special thought.
I'm having a special thought.
I wonder if there still are readers waiting for my story.
I finished my beer and went back to the web novel platform.
The next thing I know, I have a bunch of notifications. A system message asking me to continue
the series, and notifications from fellow writers announcing the start of their serializations.
And then.
ㅡI enjoyed it, author.
From readers.
ㅡI'm a middle school student, 14 years old, and this was the first web novel I've read in my
life.............
Some of the notes were cute, some were desperate.
ㅡReading this novel is the best part of my military life.......
They were all fragments of the story that readers had left for me.
And three years have passed.
The middle school readers would have become high school students. Those who were in high
school would be in college, those who were in the military would have been discharged, and

those who were job hunters would hopefully be employed......
In any case, they would have become something else and left this story, and I would still be here,
a boring human being choosing protein biscuits over potato chips.
—That was fun, author.
Suddenly, I heard an alarm and spilled some beer.
The alarm went off, and a message had just arrived via the platform.
I can't believe someone would still send a message to an author three years after its completion.
—Sender: RepresentativeKimDokja.
When I checked the sender's ID, I immediately recognized it.
RepresentativeKimDokja.
When I was in the middle of my series, there was a reader with such a nickname.
—It's been three years since I finished the novel. Every year at this time, I go for a nostalgic
drive, and I enjoyed reading it again this year. Every time I read it again, I feel like I'm reading a
different novel.
Suddenly, I remember three years ago, when I was reading the serialized version.
I had to be the one saying that.
This reader used to comment every day and send me appreciation notes every time.
In short, he deserved the nickname "Representative Kim Dokja".
—I don't know if you remember.
Of course I remember, because I still see those messages every now and then.
I remember writing like crazy until the deadline every day, and then staying up until the wee
hours of the morning to read the messages and comments from readers.
If it weren't for the people who stuck with me through it, I wouldn't have been able to endure the
solitude or write that last sentence.
I hesitated, then grabbed the keyboard. For once, I wanted to reply to a reader with my own
words.
But then.
—I'll have a small fan meeting tomorrow at 7pm. If you're free, I hope you can come and enjoy
it, and the I'm[2] going to give you a special gift as a thank you.
A gift?
—I'm sorry, but tickets to the event are paid. I have to make a living too.
Suddenly, I remembered the prologue of Omniscient Reader.
In the prologue, Kim Dokja receives a note from the author, tls123.
It says that the epilogue will be released for a fee.
It was like a little joke, a prank, prepared by a long-time reader.
I started to write a reply.

—Thank you so much, dear reader. However, I will only accept your heart as a gift. And if you
have to pay to enter......, that's a purchase, not a gift, right? (Uhaha)
I hope he didn't actually get me a gift?
But even if he did prepare a gift, I couldn't carry take it. How could I receive a gift as a
shameless lowlife who hasn't even wrote a novel for three years?
By the way, is it better to leave out this (uhaha)? Do people not use such things nowadays?
Naively, I sipped my beer as I thought these things.
I had no idea what was going to happen to my life the next day.
Author's note
This is an 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' story, but it is not from the main story.
This story is still the story of Kim Dokja, but it is not meant for only one Kim Dokja.
Thank you for your patience. Once again, we begin the 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'.
February 2023. Sing Shong.
[1] PD: Producer-Director.
[2] I'm: It could also mean "author".

Episode I. The World After Completion (1)
<Episode 1. The World After Completion (1)>
Episode 1. The World After Completion
「This is a story of unread despair.」
*
After receiving that interesting message yesterday, something surprising happened to me.
I wrote the first sentence of the side story.
I can't tell you what the first sentence is. It's a spoiler, and it's not a great sentence.
But one day it may have a very nice meaning. It was the same when I wrote the first sentence of
the novel.
The whole story begins around noon today with Ji Eunyoo's sudden visit.
"Let's go somewhere together, author-nim."
It took less than an hour to arrive at the destination by taxi, still held by the scruff of my neck.
Finally, we stood in front of the theater in Cheongmuro, a place that was once used as the setting
of 'Omniscient Reader'.
<Kim Dokja's Banquet>
I glared at the placard at the entrance of the theater. Judging from the name, it was clear that it
was an event related to "Omniscient Reader".
Suddenly, I remembered the note I received from Representative Kim Dokja yesterday.
ㅡI'll have a small fan meeting tomorrow at 7pm. If you're free, I hope you can come and enjoy
it.
Is this the one he talked about yesterday?
I asked Ji Eunyoo.
"How did you know about this place?"
"The event organizer contacted us and said he wanted to hold a paid event and wanted
permission. He said he'd donate all the admission money to the orphanage in Kim Dokja's name.
I'm here to keep an eye on things, just in case."

So that's what he meant by paying the admission fee.
I nodded exaggeratedly and said.
"That's great. But why do I..."
"Readers, you asked me where they were."
In hindsight, I remembered my phone call with Ji Eunyoo yesterday. She told me that there were
readers waiting for my story, and I asked her where they were. I turned my head again and
looked at the theater.
In there, the readers Ji Eunyoo had told me about.
Suddenly, I felt a rush of blood to my head, and my heart pounded.
"But is it okay if I go in?"
Ji Eunyoo tilted her head at my hesitation.
"Why?"
"I'm the writer."
"It's okay. Han Sooyoung wrote it."
Looking at Ji Eunyoo jokingly replying, I also laughed bitterly.
"Indeed."
Well, what kind of writer is a writer who hasn't written for three years?
Today, I wanted to pass all my burdens onto Han Sooyoung, whom I had never seen before. The
reason why I am not able to write the novel is because Han Sooyoung did not write the
manuscript in the far universe, and Yoo Joonghyuk did not deliver the manuscript.
I wanted to believe so.
At the entrance of the theater, life-size copies of the characters of the novel were displayed.
Looking at the design, it seemed to be drawn by referring to the webtoon's drawing style that was
once serialized. It was of great quality to the point of admiration.
I appreciated the paintings, recalling the names of each character.
Demon King of Salvation Kim Dokja, Supreme King Yoo Joonghyuk, Black Flames Demon
Ruler Han Sooyoung, Moonlight Empress Yoo Sangah, Judge of Destruction Jung Heewon, Pure
Steel Sword Lee Hyunsung, Beast Lord Shin Yooseung, Inspect King Lee Gilyoung and the
Otaku Kim Namwoon······ and even supporting characters with a few appearances like Bald
Head Gong Pildu, Immortal Doctor Lee Seolhwa and the fake protagonist Jang Hayoung.......
"To be honest, it's better than what we made."

Even Ji Eunyoo replied like that.
The quality is good, but the fact that they put in this much effort was touching.
I added with a bitter smile.
"I'd believe it if they said it was drawn by the real webtoon artists."
"Didn't they actually draw it?"
"No way. Everyone left after that incident."
Once upon a time, 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' was also turned into a webtoon.
It started out well. Amazing artists were in charge of the composition and drawing.
Unfortunately, however, before the 10th episode, lightning struck the studio and it spread to a
large fire, and the company that could not handle the aftermath went bankrupt. In addition, due
to financial difficulties in management, the webtoon 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'
disappeared from the world after completing the 11th episode.
"We don't know yet, author-nim. If the novel does well, they might reboot the webtoon."
I am surprised she can still sound so optimistic.
"I stopped expecting that a long time ago."
As if by bad luck, strange things have happened to all kinds of 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'
adaptations since the webtoon's demise. If we signed a movie, the production company went
bankrupt, and if we produced figures or merchandise, the factory went bankrupt. This had
happened time and time again, and now there are no more offers coming in.
I paused for a moment and said.
"Somewhere out there, there's a world line where Omniscient Reader didn't went out of
business."
I'm sure the webtoon would be popular in that world, along with its movie, drama, and maybe
even an animation. It's not this world line, but sometimes I dream about it.
"We're not doomed yet either."
With a grumbling Ji Eunyoo, I looked back at the remaining life-size figures. The life-size
procession was quite long, from Uriel and Great Sage, Heaven's Equal to Han Myungoh, who
can be said to be a rather non-mainstream, on display.
However, at the end of the life-size frames, a strange person stood.
Who is this?
It was a man with narrow eyes, but I could hardly guess who it was.
Was there a character like this in 'Omniscient Reader'?
I'd know if there was a name written on it.......
I thought about asking Ji Eunyoo, but then stopped. I still have some author's pride.

"Two."
"Please write your nickname on the name tag here and attach it to your left chest."
We entered the theater after receiving a name tag through the guide.
Fortunately, no one recognized me as the novel's author. No wonder. It's not like I wrote in the
name tag that I was the author.
I looked at Ji Eunyoo's name tag.
[Genius editor]
"Ji Eunyoo-ssi."
Ji Eunyoo pretended not to hear me and sat at the back of the room. I could see the backs of all
the fans who settled down in the front. It was surprising. All of those people are our readers. I
wonder if they were actually bought by Ji Eunyoo.
When I looked to the side, Ji Eunyoo's eyes were wide open.
"By what I counted, there are more than 30 people."
Thirty people. It sounds like a small number, but meant that there were thirty core fans that took
the time to come here.
I nodded, pressing down on the rising emotion.
Great job, Kim Dokja.
The event hadn't started yet, so I could hear the readers in front of us chatting away.
Somebody's voice came from the front.
"Do you have 'Shinpae[1]'? It's really hard to get those nowadays."
"Oh, I have it."
"Awesome. What about 'Beul-e[1]'?"
"I bought it right away."
"Then, 'Dokpi[1]' too?"
"Yeah, but... it's weird, it's kind of making my head spin."
I couldn't figure out what they were talking about. It seems like they're using readers-exclusive
slang.
We sat side by side and overheard the conversation.
"It's already the twelfth time..."
"The host said today is the last one, right?"
"Yes."
"There used to be a lot of people, now there's only a few."
"I know. Everyone disappeared one by one."
Apparently, this is already the twelfth time they make this mysterious Kim Dokja's Banquet.
There were even more people before.

I thought there were enough people now...
"I'm sorry, can I sit here?"
I turned my head to a sudden voice. A big man like Lee Hyunsung stood shyly pointing to the
seat next to me.
I nodded.
"Oh, yes. Please take a seat."
"Thank you."
A name tag was hanging from the chest of the man bowing his head.
[Judge Heewon]
He was probably a fan of Jung Heewon, the Judge of Destruction. I was nervous sitting next to a
stranger after a long time.
Ji Eunyoo talked to him, as if she had noticed the awkward atmosphere.
"You must be a fan of Jung Heewon."
Judge Heewon nodded lightly.
"Yes..."
And the ensuing silence.
Ji Eunyoo poked me in the arm as if to make me say something. What kind of topic do they
usually bring up at times like this. It's been so long since I talked to someone I didn't know, so I
couldn't think of the first word.
I opened my mouth thinking about thinking about what would Kim Dokja say if he were me.
"Jung Heewon is great."
"Oh, yes!"
Seeing a man smiling brightly even though I didn't say that much, I felt like I had already formed
an important bond. We nodded our heads and thought about Jung Heewon together like good
friends.
Jung Heewon. A good character I made.
Judge Heewon, who had been looking closely at the nickname on my name tag for a long time,
told me.
"Your nickname is funny."
"Thank you."
"What's your favorite......."
"Well, I......."

I thought about it for a moment, but it was hard to pick a favorite.
As the silence lengthened, Judge Heewon realized he had made a mistake and quickly added.
"Oh, do you possibly are an all-carer? I'm sorry......."
I don't know exactly what all-carer means, but I had a good idea.
I answered with a slight nod.
"I love them all, except for guys like Cheon Inho."
In case you've forgotten, Cheon Inho is the name of an extra villain who dies at the beginning of
Omniscient Reader.
Judge Heewon, who also knew Cheon Inho, lowered his voice with a dark expression.
"Cheon Inho, that bad guy."
"He's a bad guy."
"The guy to be teared to death."
"Uh... Right?"
"Someone to burn to death with Hellfire."
Our conversation ended there.
The host appeared on the stage of the theater. The host was wearing a black suit and a white coat.
"Hello, everyone. I'm Kim Dokja, and I'm the moderator."
There was a light cheer from the audience. Although they had sunglasses on, his outfit was quite
similar to Kim Dokja's.
Is it handmade? The quality is amazing.
Soon the screen was lit, and the event began.
There was a calm background music, followed by the font of [the Fourth Wall.]
「And on the Fourth Wall it was all written down.」
And slowly, comments from readers began to appear on the screen.
From the prologue to chapter 551, they were handwritten by readers.
"Hey, I wrote that!"
A girl fan in the front row said in a small voice. Everyone in the theater was watching the
comments together.
Some got a lot of likes, others were funny or novel. There were also some that were sentimental.
"Wasn't that the first time Kim Dokja died?"
"Ew, don't look at my comment, please take it down!"
"This is full of our dark pasts."
As I read through the old comments, my heart twitched.

The full-length novel was published for two years, and then another three years passed before it
was finished.
Five years of history, built up by readers all over the world.
I watched the story unfold, speechless for a long time.
It was like a vague mythical tale told by someone else.
Photos of fan-organized exhibitions and subway advertisements commemorating the characters'
birthdays popped up one after another.
Looking at the illustration of Kim Dokja, someone muttered softly.
"It's Kim Dokja's birthday."
"It actually snowed in Seoul that day."
On the white screen, the readers' words piled up. Between the lines of words, I could see the
footprints of the people they had walked with.
"You're glad we came, right?"
I nodded at Ji Eunyoo's words.
"Perhaps I've been writing all those sentences just to see this view."
I could feel my heart beating once again.
If I deserved it, I wanted to say something to these people. I wanted to write for them, not run
away, not give up.
I wanted to challenge this story again.
「But can I?」
It was then that I heard the moderator's voice.
"Without further ado, here are some words from our author-nim who have joined us for this
event!"
The readers in the audience looked at each other and roared.
I was dumbfounded for a moment, then snapped out of it.
"Author-nim?"
Ji Eunyoo whispered to me in surprise.
My mind raced for a moment.
Was she the one who organized the fan meeting?
But she didn't seem to have any idea.
I looked up at the stage and saw the moderator smiling at me.

I should get up.
As I stood up, feeling like I had no choice, a human face suddenly appeared on the screen.
ㅡAah, aah.
A beauty mark on a white skin. Bob hair tied back.
Even without explaining who she was, there was no one here who didn't recognize her.
The real author of 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' was there.
Author's Note
Hello, we're Singshong.
It's nice to be able to greet you again.
[1] Merch.

Episode I. The World After Completion (2)
< Episode 1. The World After Completion (2) >
ㅡAah, aah. Testing, testing.
I wonder if this is how the characters felt when they first saw the Dokkaebi in the subway.
ㅡCan you all hear me?
The woman on the screen was so identical to the Han Sooyoung I had imagined it gave me
goosebumps.
I'm sure I wasn't the only one, as other readers stared at the screen with their mouths open.
ㅡSomeone still remembers that guy's story. Oh yeah, you guys are all Kim Dokjas, too.
She was the perfect Han Sooyoung, right down to the asshole remarks. I'm pretty sure it was
done using deepfake technology, but whoever did it was amazing.
However, Han Sooyoung suddenly started saying something strange.
ㅡI sent a short story to the cloud a while ago, did you all read it?
Eh?
ㅡOf course you've seen it. I know, but so far it was just a preview, because the 'side story' is
about to start now.
No, wait a minute. I don't even have a stockpile yet.
Give me the manuscript right now.
ㅡI'll keep you in my prayers. Finally, I'll take one last question.
The readers who were staring at the screen looked at each other.
Han Sooyoung added.
ㅡDon't ask me where Yoo Joonghyuk bought his boots or whether Gilyoung eats grasshoppers
or not. I don't know that kind of stuff.
Someone said "oh" and sighed with regret.
The readers looked like they weren't sure if they should ask.
After all, it's just a recorded video, so there's no way they're going to get an answer.
But then someone raised their hand.

"Did Kim Dokja come back to life?"
It was a petite girl fan in the front row.
A short silence descended on the room.
It's a question that any reader who's read the final chapter would have asked.
In a way, it's an unanswerable question because everyone knows the answer.
I felt sorry for her. If Han Sooyoung was the real Han Sooyoung in that video, I'm sure she'd feel
the same way.
By the way.
ㅡOh, yeah, you mean Kim Dokja?
Eh?
ㅡThat's......
Was that a live video?
The next moment, the screen turned off with a crackling spark.
A gasp escaped from the audience.
"Oh no, unfortunately, the signal has been cut off. We'll all have to wait for the side story to find
out if Kim Dokja survived or not!"
Indeed. The moderator's skillful facilitation was right up Kim Dokja's alley.
I could hear the readers discussing in high-pitched tones.
"Is it really coming out?"
"I don't think it's been announced."
No wonder. It hadn't been announced.
Jin Eunyoo, sitting next to me, whispered playfully.
"Isn't that a cute way of blackmailing you into starting the series?"
"No, but that's a little too much."
As I sighed lightly, the moderator introduced the final segment.
"It's time for the final event of the day, the Omniscient Reader's quiz. We've prepared a generous
amount of prizes for everyone to share, so if you can answer the questions correctly, please come
right up to the stage."
Judging by the glowing eyes of the readers, this seemed to be the main event.
The moderator stood in front of the screen and read the questions.
"The first question is-"

Before they could finish the question, readers raised their hands. I was surprised; I thought the
question was pretty hard.
When the nominated reader said the answer, the moderator clapped their hands.
"Congratulations. Please come this way."
The reader whose face I recognized was guided by the moderator to the curtain behind the
screen.
A few moments later, there was a tsuchut, and the reader's presence was gone.
I laughed, and the audience laughed.
It's a funny trick.
I thought I'd give it a shot this time.
"Okay, second question. How many times does ⬛ appear in total in the entire 'Omniscient
Reader'?"
Hmmm.......
No matter how I thought about it, I realized that no one would know that.
Even I, the writer, don't know.
But then someone raised their hand.
"Me! The answer is-"
The reader who raised his hand said the answer, which I assumed was a random number, but to
my surprise, the moderator clapped their hands.
"Congratulations. Please come this way."
How did he get it right?
The reader who got the second question right was also led by the moderator to disappear behind
the curtain.
The moderator smirked.
"Was that question too hard? This one is easy!"
I gritted my teeth and focused on the moderator's words.
Okay, this time.
"Third question. In 'Ways of Survival', Yoo Joonghyuk regresses 1,863 times. What does the
number '1,863' symbolize?"
I was stunned for a moment after hearing the question.
What was the symbolism of that number?
I speculated on what the author of Omniscient Reader might have meant by using the number
1,863.

In my opinion, the writer...... didn't mean anything. I'm sure of it. I know because I was the
author of Omniscient Reader.
This time, the number of readers raising their hands was quite high.
When the moderator called for a name, the reader said.
"1,863 is the year that the world's first subway opened, symbolizing the repetition of Yoo
Joonghyuk's regression in the circling subway."
Huh?
No way, I thought, as readers around me chimed in.
"Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's it."
"Oh, I saw that in your analysis."
The moderator clapped their hands, and the reader with the correct answer walked up to the
podium with a big smile on his face.
Jin Eunyoo turned to me.
"Did 1,863 really mean that?"
"Of course, every single one of those numbers has a meaning in what I wrote. It's all so
incredibly connected."
The quiz continued.
Some of the questions I knew, some I didn't, and some I couldn't answer at all.
But amidst the back and forth, I felt an indescribable emotion.
Stories I remembered. Stories I don't remember. Even stories I didn't intend to tell. Stories I
hadn't written in the past three years were still being told here.
Suddenly, I wondered.
Can I say that I love these stories more than they do?
"In the theater dungeon, what was the name of the sword that Kim Dokja gave to Jung Heewon?"
"Me! Me!"
Judge Heewon sitting next to him also managed to guess a question.
As she watched him disappear behind the curtain in excitement, Ji Eunyoo muttered in a nervous
voice.
"We'll be the only ones left. Is there a penalty for staying?"
Ji Eunyoo began to raise her hand.
After ten or twenty questions, Ji Eunyoo got it right.
"I'm going then, but I'll meet you outside."
Even after she waved and disappeared, I didn't raise my hand.
One by one, the struggling readers got it right and stood up.

Some suddenly wiped their tears.
I watched their backs for a long time as they left the theater.
"And now for the final question."
The voice echoed through the silent theater.
Soon, I was the only one left in the theater.
Staring at the countless empty seats in the front row, I thought for the first time in a long time
about the person who is 'Kim Dokja'.
"Okay, last question."
I listened nervously to the question.
Hopefully it would be an easy one.
The moderator smiled brightly and asked.
"Who is Omniscient Reader's heroine?"
I opened my mouth for a moment, then closed it again.
Sensing my embarrassment, the moderator added reassuringly.
"I'll give you one minute to think about it."
Omniscient Reader's heroine.
I don't know who Kim Dokja would consider a heroine, because I'm not a Kim Dokja.
So I decided to think about it from the point of view of Lee Hakhyun, the author of Omniscient
Reader.
「Who is Omniscient Reader's heroine?」
In fact, 'Omniscient Reader' was not a story written by actively imagining a heroine, so it had
little to do with romantic narratives.
"Ten seconds left."
"The heroine of Omniscient Reader isᅳ"
I said the name of the heroine I thought of. I wasn't sure if he was talking about this character.
She didn't have much screen time compared to the other leads.
Nevertheless, it was the character I had created for Kim Dokja.
The moderator was silent for a moment at my answer, then asked.
"Why did you think that?"
I'm probably not the one who loves this story the most.
I'm probably not the one who knows the most about it.

But for once, I wanted to say.
"Because I wrote it."
"What?"
The moderator repeated, as if they hadn't heard correctly.
I smiled bitterly and raised my voice.
"Because she's my favorite character."
I couldn't tell if my answer was correct or not.
The moderator just nodded and slowly clapped their hands.
Was I right, or was I wrong?
Come to think of it, the moderator had never said the word "correct" before.
"Congratulations."
With that, I walked down the theater stairs to the stage.
As I followed the readers down the aisle, my eyes fell on the empty theater seats.
The words "Fourth Wall" glowed faintly on the screen.
Suddenly, I remembered them walking down the aisle with tears in their eyes, smiling weakly
and glancing back once in a while.
Suddenly, I knew how they felt. They weren't crying or laughing because they were happy to get
the quiz right.
It was because this is the end of 『Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint』.
I realized that I was finally going down a road I should have gone down a long time ago.
Each reader had reached the end in their own way, and now it was my turn. I walked up to the
stage and the moderator was waiting for me. We looked at each other for a moment on stage.
The moderator looked at the nickname on my nametag.
[■■■]
"Your nickname is very difficult to pronounce."
I smiled and nodded.
Even up close, I couldn't quite make out the moderator's face. The voice was strangely
androgynous, so I couldn't tell if they were a man or a woman.
I suddenly wanted to ask if they were 'RepresentativeKimDokja', but I didn't. I didn't feel
qualified to ask.
"The prize is behind the curtain. You can pick it up and leave."
The word "prize" made me feel a little excited.
What could it be, merchandise?

I reached toward the stage curtain. Then I paused. Because if I pulled back the curtain, it would
really be the end of this story.
I wondered if there was anything left to write.
I wondered if there were sentences I had forgotten to write, words I hadn't said.
At the last moment, I looked back. I had a feeling there might still be someone left.
And I realized that if there was someone left, I wanted to write a story for them.
But then I looked back and there was indeed someone there.
When had they gotten there?
The moderator was waving from the center of the audience.
I could see the audience better than I thought from the stage.
I waved back, facing the moderator, and then slowly turned my back and pulled back the curtain.
It was time to live in the post-completion world.
"Are you really going to end it like this?"
And then.
"What about the rest of us?"
I heard the moderator say.
I was about to reply "what?" when I heard a tsuchuchut from somewhere. I reflexively grabbed
my phone. It wasn't my phone ringing.
"So I'm going to ask you to tell that story."
Something was swirling in front of my eyes.
Eh.
The vortex sucked me in, right down to the sound in my mouth. My vision flickered as sparks
flew in front of my eyes. It was like someone had rolled me into a ball and thrown me into a
subway car with endless stops.
My mouth tasted slightly like vomit as I held my breath.
And when I opened my eyes.
「I was indeed in the subway.」
My vision slightly higher than usual.
A lukewarm breeze blew in from the ceiling vents. Smelling the oddly musty subterranean dust, I
blinked.
The vague sensation of being in a daze slowly clung to my skin, and slowly, I became aware of
the present.

「In the subway station, to be exact.」
At the same time I was asking myself why am I here, the answer came from deep inside my
head.
I already know where this place is.
「"But, author-nim, why did you start in the subway?"」
Ji Eunyoo once asked me that.
「"Because that's where I feel it was the most natural."」
But I couldn't accept that answer.
"What the hell?"
The voice that came out of my mouth startled me with its unnaturalness.
I reflexively looked ahead.
In the screen door was not 'Lee Hakhyun', but a man with narrow eyes facing me.
"Noㅡ"
An unfamiliar cell phone was in my hand.
I absentmindedly pressed the phone's power button.
「It was just a coincidence that I saw the clock at this moment.」
The numbers on the phone's clock ticked, chimed, and changed.
7:00 p.m.
The moment I looked up, a message came from somewhere with a small bang.
[The free service of planetary system 8612 has ended.]
[The main scenario has started.]
I knew the next sentence all too well.
「This was the moment the genre of my life changed.」
These words were not my own.
「And thus.」
In that moment, I was 'being thought'.

「I had entered "Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint".」
Author's Note
The serialization of Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint will be at 7pm on Sundays, Mondays,
Wednesdays and Fridays.
If there are any changes, we'll notify you on advance.
Once again, thank you very much for following Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.

Episode 2. Rewrite (1)
<Episode 2. Rewrite (1)>
Episode 2. Rewrite
"Do you know what a living thing is, author-nim?"
ㅡComment from chapter 6 of Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.
*
I once shared such a joke with Ji Eunyoo. I asked her if we would survive if we were to fall into
the first scenario of Omniscient Reader.
Ji Eunyoo answered me like this.
ㅡHonestly, I'm not confident, but what about you, author-nim?
What did I say? I don't remember.
What I do know is that the joke was now real.
「Oh my God.」
This was such an extraordinary situation that I couldn't help but use the punctuation.
I touched my face in the reflection of the screen door several times. It wasn't because I was
handsome. It wasn't that there was something weird on the screen door.
My face had literally changed.
"What the......."
Crooked smiling eyes, thin lips with a subtle hint of meanness.
I realized where I'd seen this face before.
Sure enough, there was a life-size figure standing at the entrance to the theater with the same
face.
But I couldn't remember who he was.
Was he an undescribed extra?
[The free service of planetary system 8612 has ended.]
[The main scenario has started.]
Throughout the subway station, citizens voiced their confusion.
"What is this?"

"I'm not the only one seeing this, right?"
"There's something here. Hey, can you feel it? There's something like a wall here."
A certain radius of the station was surrounded by a transparent wall. It was a wall I knew well.
The scenario device that makes it impossible to get out until certain conditions are met.
"No, where are the subway employees? Aren't they making announcements?"
"Someone will come. Let's wait."
Now there was no doubt.
「I had possessed someone from 'Omniscient Reader'.」
A slow shiver ran up my spine.
「An extra character I don't know.」
It was a common trope in web novels, but I couldn't think of any reason why I should be
possessing someone.
Why me? Did I earn someone's grudge? Did one of the characters put me in here?
The Han Sooyoung from the event theater was real?
Then was it Han Sooyoung?
It could be. Han Sooyoung, who didn't want me to pretend to be Omniscient Reader's author, had
put me here.
It could also be Yoo Joonghyuk. The way I described all the misery he went through was enough
to make him hold a grudge against me.
Maybe it was Kim Dokja. Maybe it was Kim Dokja, who wanted to take revenge on me for
revealing the protagonist's secret tastes to the entire universe. Or maybe he did it for no reason at
all, he just has a bad personality.
Shit, I don't know. There's no point in thinking about it now.
I pushed the uncertainty out of my head, leaving only the certainty.
One, I was in an 'Omniscient Reader'.
Two, I'm possessing someone else.
Three, the scenarios were about to begin.
I quickly scanned my surroundings. If the first scenario is about to begin, I need to figure out
what I can use to my advantage.
First, I'm in a subway station.
The station is from the orange line, so it's line 3, and the station name is.......
「Geumho. 」
I slowly frowned.
In my head, I recalled some information about Geumho Station. It was the first base of the main
character, Kim Dokja, and the place where the massacre took place.

Of course, that was in the second half of the first volume, and fortunately, I hadn't gotten to that
point yet...... In a sense, it could have been more dangerous now.
[Ah, aah. ^&@@#%.]
I felt like I was being dragged down into the cold depths by my ankles.
I never thought the day would come when I'd be able to see a Dokkaebi with my own eyes. Two
little horns. A creature with fluffy fur wearing a small straw mat.
I remember. He had this kind of role at first.
[Can you hear me?]
Kim Dokja's streaming contract partner, the Dokkaebi Bihyung.
[Uh-oh, at least it's quieter here than on other places, huh.......]
Bihyung looked back at the moment and our eyes met. I lowered my head in surprise. It's only in
the second half of the story that Bihyung becomes sympathetic to Kim Dokja, while the earlier
Bihyung is a crazy monster who breaks the heads of incarnations for fun.
Fortunately, I didn't see any humans getting their heads cracked off while arguing with Bihyung
like in the main story.
Especially that big guy over there.
[Good, because elsewhere it was annoying to have to bust a few heads to get them to quiet down.
Okay, I'm going to explain what's going on, so listen up.]
I knew full well what Bihyung was going to say next. I've written dozens of manuscripts where
I've seen that line.
He's probably running a similar script simultaneously in the scenario area he controls.
[All this time you've been living for free, haven't you? You've been born, you've been breathing,
eating, shitting, and reproducing at will without paying anything in return! Ha! What a world
you've been living in!]
As I listened to him, I wondered if this is what it would have been like if a 'Omniscient Reader's
movie had come out.
The problem is that I'm now an extra in that movie.
[Anyway, you've been living for free all these years because the celestials in the distant past have
watched over your planet with great generosity, but that's only until today, and the time has come
for you to repay them for all the kindness they've shown you. It's better for you to see what's
going on than to hear me ramble on about it, right?]
As if he couldn't be bothered to recite the boring lines, Bihyung snapped his fingers.
[#BI-7623 channel opened.]
[Constellations have entered.]

A small window floated upwards above those who raised their heads in confusion.
[The main scenario has arrived!]
+
<Main Scenario #1 - Proof of Value>
Category: Main
Difficulty: F
Clear Conditions: Kill one or more creatures.
Time Limit: 30 minutes
Reward: 300 coins
Failure: Death
+
The Dokkaebi's transparent body slowly faded away, giving us a vague smile.
[Then, good luck everyone. Please show me an interesting story.]
As the scenario window popped up in front of me, it really hit home.
The time limit reducing in real time.
Right now it says 30 minutes, but as the time goes on, the penalties will start to kick in.
"What does this mean?"
Unsure of what's going on, people started talking to each other and calling out to each other. In
the distance, I could see people scratching and hitting the transparent wall.
I took a light, deep breath and muttered to myself.
'Attribute Window.'
[Currently, due to a system error, the Attribute Window cannot be activated.]
I squinted my eyes.
This wasn't working?
'Fourth Wall.'
I called it out, just in case.
Kim Dokja had the [Fourth Wall] skill since the beginning, and as a penalty of that skill, he was
restricted from viewing the Attribute Window.
So, if I also have the [Fourth Wall.]......

'Fourth Wall.'
.......
I don't.
So why doesn't it open?
I don't know.
It's a novel I wrote, dammit.
First of all, I'm a writer, not a reader, so I should have the [Writer]'s skills... Maybe I have
[Avatar] or [Predictive Plagiarism] like Han Sooyoung.
I concentrated and tried to use [Avatar] and other writer-only skills. But there was no noticeable
change, except for the strain on my sphincter.
[The remaining time has decreased.]
[There are 28 minutes remaining.]
While I struggled in vain, the crowd in the station split into two groups.
One was a group of people wearing sweatshirts with the same logo.
"Everyone, please don't panic and gather this way!"
"Let's go to the deacon's side!"
They were clutching tissues with the church's name on them; they seemed to be from the same
church.
On the other side of the room, a large man with a tattoo on his forearm was gathering people.
"Hey, everybody, come over here and help!"
This was the same guy who was worried about getting his head cracked by Bihyung earlier. The
big guy pushed against the transparent wall with both hands and shouted at the other people.
"Everyone push this together! We might be able to get out!"
Obviously, it's safer to struggle against a wall than to attack a Dokkaebi.
But some people didn't think so.
"What if we do something weird and that monster does something to us?"
"Then what? If you're not going to help, go away. Push! Harder! Harder!"
At this point, some of the other people who had been hesitating joined in and started pushing
against the wall. The sound of cha, cha, cha, cha echoed around the room, and the people in the
church who had been watching got involved.
"Everyone, let's help him!"
At the deacon's signal, the congregation rushed in and pushed against the wall. It was quite a

sight to see, dozens of people clinging to the transparent wall like a pantomime.
I slowly made my way to the edge of the station as people struggled with the wall. A few steps
away, I caught my reflection in the screen door.
First, I think I'm possessing a bad character.
A body whose average stats does not seem to exceed 1.
This is why I wasn't sure I could win a fight against a bare-chested Kim Dokja.
Kim Dokja.
I have to meet him somehow.
I don't know what caused me to be possess this man, but considering what's normal in web
novels, I should be able to return to reality the moment I see the end of the scenarios.
So I needed to meet the main character of 'Omniscient Reader', who dies and comes back to life
for the sake of his colleagues, and win his favor. It's the only way to increase your chances of
survival in this cruel world.
By the way, I'll have to survive here before you can meet Kim Dokja or anyone else.
「The first scenario requires you to kill 'one or more living things'.」
Kim Dokja cleared the first scenario by crushing the grasshoppers and grasshopper eggs
collected by Lee Gilyoung.
But since he's the main character, he's lucky, and since I'm an extra character, I'm not so lucky.
As an extra character, I can't be that lucky.
「So this is what I came up with.」
I glared at the soda machine in front of me.
If you didn't end up in the same train car as Kim Dokja, you'd be lucky to land in a subway
station.
At least here, this vending machine was my 'insect catcher'.
"Push! Harder!"
"Aaaahhh."
I gently shook the vending machine in time with the chants of the wall pushers.
「A lot of bugs live in subway vending machines with refrigeration and freezers.」
I had seen an article like that when I wrote about 200 chapters for Omniscient Reader.
I wonder how many times I shook it like that.
Something made a thud sound, and a nameless bug crawled out from under the vending machine.
I quickly clasped my hands together and trapped the fleeing bug.
Lucky for me, I'll survived the first scenario.
I immediately tried to crush the bug in my hand.

「Maybe it's a pregnant bug.」
My hesitation wasn't because I was philosophizing about the bug's right to life.
I hesitated because I remembered a line from 'Omniscient Reader'.
「An 'egg' is a living thing.」
In the scenario, bugs' eggs are recognized as living beings, and Kim Dokja's solution was to
crack hundreds of eggs to gain an advantage in the scenario.
But what would have happened if Kim Dokja had given the bug's eggs to everyone on the
subway?
I glanced over and saw people banging on the transparent wall.
People knocking on the wall to live.
I knew who the people in Geumho Station were. People who could casually take the lives of
others for their own survival.
For a moment, I felt like Kim Dokja.
「What would Kim Dokja do if he returned to the first scenario?」
Suddenly, a tsuchuchut rang out and I almost missed the bug.
It wasn't a probability spark.
The cell phone in my pocket was ringing.
I hesitated for a moment, then slipped the bug in my fist into my coat pocket and zipped it up
tight.
I opened my phone and a message popped up.
[You have one new message.]
A message?
ㅡSender: RepresentativeKimDokja
ㅡAuthor-nim. Congratulations on your new side story series.
I looked at the message with suspicion in my eyes.
ㅡWe're sending you a small gift in anticipation for your series.
Author's Note
Sing: I am not Lee Hakhyun. ^^;;
Shong: I'm not Lee Hakhyun either. ^^;

Episode 2. Rewrite (2)
<Episode 2. Rewrite (2)>
In 'Omniscient Reader', there is a scene where Kim Dokja is trapped in the subway and tls123
sends him a text file of 'Ways of Survival'.
Apparently, 'RepresentativeKimDokja' was parodying it now.
Normally, I would have laughed out loud, but this was no time for that.
Because I was in a situation where I could really die.
Were they the one who got me into 'Omniscient Reader'?
I don't know. But the circumstances seem to point to a connection.
I'm going to reply first.
[You can't reply to this message.]
I knew it would be like this if it was 'Omniscient Reader'.
I decided to check the gift from Kim Dokja.
Let's see. Kim Dokja received a text file of 'Ways of Survival', so I assume I got something
similar.
But no matter how much I scrolled down, I couldn't see any attachments.
—We're sending you a small gift in anticipation for your series.
That was the end of the message. There was no attachments, and I didn't feel like I had a new
exclusive skill.
So what was it?
I realized that the message was sent through a web novel platform.
It happened to be the app I used to use.
Wait, we have this app here too?
Most of the menus didn't work because the app wasn't from this world line.
However, I was able to check my novel, which worked fine.
+
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint - 551 chapters
-Author Lee Hakhyun
+
A list of episodes of 'Omniscient Reader' popping up with the familiar platform screen.
+

......
Episode 1. Starting the Paid Service (4) +[117]
Episode 1. Starting the Paid Service (3) +[164]
Episode 1. Starting the Paid Service (2) +[158]
Episode 1. Starting the Paid Service (1) +[332]
Prologue. Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World +[681]
......
+
Apparently, this was 'RepresentativeKimDokja's gift.
Just as Kim Dokja received the text file of 'Ways of Survival' from tls123, I had received
'Omniscient Reader' from Kim Dokja.
It was a little disappointing, but it was better than nothing. Even if you're the writer, you're
bound to forget the setting of a story three years after its completion.
I suddenly became curious about the Kim Dokja of the first scenario.
What exactly was he doing at this point?
It must be around chapter 4 or 5 by now.
I immediately pressed chapter 5.
ᅳHow is the main character so calm? Wasn't he a real loser?
But what popped up in front of me was not the text of the novel, but a comment.
I clicked on the text again.
ᅳThe scenario is too difficult...
Another comment.
At first I thought it was a bug.
But as I clicked again and again, only getting comments, I realized what "gift" I'd been given.
No way.
Some of the comments I vaguely remembered, others I didn't remember at all.
No wonder. It was already three years ago.
Wow, I'm about to die in the first scenario.
My mindless scrolling suddenly felt really heavy.
I hesitated for a moment, then pushed the scroll up.
ᅳHmm... I don't think I can do that.
ᅳHe can only do that because he's the main character. If he was a normal person, he would be
dead already.

I felt the dark, still air wet the tip of my nose.
I was suddenly back in Chungmuro's theater.
I read the stories of the readers filling the screen.
Readers of those days were still in elementary school, they were in middle and high school, they
were in college, they were working..... They were preparing to enlist in the army and get a job.
The history they had lived was still there.
ᅳI don't think I'm capable of killing people... I think I'll just keep quiet and wait for the end.
ᄒᄒ
I thought about 'Judge Heewon', who solved the quiz with shining eyes, and the young reader
who asked about Kim Dokja's life and death.
The reader who fluently explained the secret of the number 1,863, the reader who remembered
the total number of ■....... The readers who sat there with faces I didn't recognize.
"It isn't moving at all! What do we do!"
"Shut up and push more!"
The readers who had come to the theater, all of whom had taken the quiz and disappeared into
the lights behind the curtain.
"Somebody, somebody do something!"
If.
"Please let me out, I need to get out of here!"
What if it wasn't just me, but also other readers came here.
"Help me! Help me!"
[There are 27 minutes remaining.]
I know this is not the time to think about this. My nose is asleep right now. I have to stay alive,
and I have to find Kim Dokja somehow.
Kim Dokja.
"Hey."
Somehow.
"Maybe."
I have to meet.......

"Bugs......."
I looked toward where the voice came from, dumbfounded.
Where I turned, there stood a middle-aged man who seemed to be in his forties. Deep brown
eyes with dedicated eyebrows.
I definitely didn't recognize him.
What did this man just say?
I tried to calm my pounding heart and put on an exaggeratedly brash voice.
"Excuse me? What do you mean?"
He looked at me for a moment, then asked.
"I was wondering if you could teach me how to catch bugs too."
I looked at him for a moment.
His face unreadable.
I could feel people looking this way in the distance.
If I drew the wrong kind of attention here, I could ruin the whole scenario.
After a moment of thought, I blinked slowly, then turned my head and pointed to the bottom of
the vending machine with a jerk of my chin.
"Ah."
As if that was enough, he let out a small exclamation.
I said warningly.
"Don't draw too much attention to yourself, I don't know how many are left."
He nodded thoughtfully, then bent down and began whisking the underside of the vending
machine.
I pretended to be oblivious to the spectacle, shifting stealthily to shield him from the others.
I wondered if it would be right to save him here.
This choice could have resulted in a branch of the book completely separated from the main
story. But.......
"I found it, thank you."
It wasn't long before he found a bug, too.
It was a tiny bug, so tiny you couldn't even tell if it was pregnant or not.
"Kill it right away."
He nodded, and promptly crushed the bug. Then.

"Ah."
A faint glow formed in his hand as he killed the bug, and then it was gone.
The man's slightly loosened eyes stared off into space.
Presumably, the scenario had been cleared.
Fortunately, 'killing bugs' still seemed to work.
"Yeah, really. This is......."
I stared at him in disbelief and then asked him by surprise.
"1,863."
"What?"
"1,863."
I wanted to be sure.
If this guy had really read 'Omniscient Reader', he had to know what it meant.
The middle-aged man paused for a moment, then opened his mouth.
I was a little disappointed when I saw the look in his eyes that said he really didn't know.
Maybe it was just my imagination.
But the middle-aged man continued.
"If it's 1,863, do you mean...... from 'that novel'......."
I reflexively looked at him. He was looking at me, too.
I could see a faint mix of relief and despair in his eyes.
"Am I right?"
As expected, this man was a reader of 'Omniscient Reader'. I'm not sure if he was in the event
theater with me, but he had been suddenly transported here, just like me.
His lips trembled and he muttered.
"How in the world did this happen......."
"It's not the time to go into details. Please keep your voice down."
"Ah, yes. I wonder if there are others."
"If there are others, I'm sure they'll do something to stand out."
From what I could tell, he wasn't a very perceptive man.
Nevertheless, in this situation, he realized that this was the first scenario of 'Omniscient Reader',
and he didn't miss the scene where I captured the bug.
I'm sure other readers will feel the same way.
At the very least, they will be observing me and this ahjussi or trying to find bugs themselves.

[There are 25 minutes remaining.]
We observed people for a while. However, no one was doing anything particularly remarkable.
Ahjussi asked.
"About the rest...... What are you going to do?"
"The rest?"
"Those people."
Actually, I already knew who he was referring to.
The ones clutching their phones in terror and the ones still struggling to push through the
transparent wall.
"No matter how you look at it, this is real, isn't it?"
"......."
"At this rate, they're all going to die."
I get what he's saying. If he was a reader of 'Omniscient Reader', I could understand saying that.
But I wasn't a reader.
"We can't save them all."
I said, as quietly as possible so that this conversation wouldn't be overheard by the constellations
and the others.
"If we want to safely clear the scenario, we can't change the plot too much, I'm sure you know
that."
"The bug you caught earlier......."
He asked as I paused.
"Why haven't you killed it yet?"
To say this guy is clueless is an understatement.
I said in the most stern voice I could muster.
"Even Kim Dokja wouldn't have saved them, and you know what kind of people they are."
"Kim Dokja......."
The ahjussi's eyes turned dreamy for a moment, and he opened his mouth as if to sift through a
nostalgic memory, then said with a bitter smile.
"My daughter really loved that character."
What in the world had brought this man here?
Suddenly, the old question came back to me.

「If Kim Dokja were to return to the first scenario, what would he do?」
"Hey, there!"
Someone was running like a wild boar in this direction.
It was the big guy who had been pushing the transparent wall earlier.
"What are you guys doing? Can't you see how hard everyone else is working?"
Before I could respond, the big guy grabbed me by the shoulders and shoved me roughly toward
the vending machine. His strength was incredible, like he had a strength level of at least 7.
I exhaled sharply as I was instantly lifted off the ground.
This must be how Kim Dokja felt.
Startled, the ahjussi grabbed the big guy by the arm.
"Wait, you can't do that."
The big guy frowned and looked back at him. It was like he was looking at a bug.
The big guy let go of my grip and slapped him across the face. He let out a faint groan and rolled
on the floor.
"Didn't you hear me? Can't you see the other people over there trying? Did you think I wouldn't
notice if you were hiding out here like rats?"
I steadied my breathing and stepped toward the big guy.
It was the first time I had ever seen such real violence in front of me. Blood splattered on the
floor, and the ahjussi reached for me as if asking for help.
Of course someone would stop him.
It's common sense.
There's no place in the world for that kind of violence.
"You should have helped when we asked for help. Tsk."
"They're hiding to make themselves comfortable?"
"They deserve it."
When I turned my head, they averted their gaze as if they had never said anything.
「I stupidly forgot. This world is fiction.」
I thought, clutching the bug in my pocket with all my might.
I wondered if killing the bug for a few coins would be enough to save him.
No matter how I looked at it, the big guy's physique was far superior to mine or the ahjussi's.
That's when I remembered the system messages.

[You can use the possessed person's exclusive attributes.]
[You can use the possessed person's exclusive skills.]
I was possessing a body.
And this character... was a character I didn't recognize.
'I'll use it.'
I don't know.
Anything is better than "Lee Hakhyun".
[The possessed's exclusive attribute has been activated.]
[The possessed's exclusive skill has been activated.]
With the system message, my mind suddenly calmed down. The things I needed to say and the
things I could do were sorted out.
「Don't be scared. It's actually kind of fun.」
I took a breath and swung my fist as hard as I could at the vending machine.
Bang!
The surprised people took a few steps back.
Bang, and bang.
I don't know how many times I hit the vending machine like that.
A new bug emerged from under the vending machine. Not a grasshopper, not a cockroach, but a
small, nameless bug.
I looked down at it for a moment.
"What is it, do you want to die?"
I looked up and the big guy who had been beating the ahjussi glared at me.
The crowd that had slowly gathered was looking in my direction.
I opened my mouth to speak.
"Everyone."
[The effect of the exclusive attribute is effective.]
This could have been an easy scenario.
But the constellations know, the readers know, and I know that easy scenarios aren't fun.
"I have something to say to all of you."
I could have been drawing attention to myself unnecessarily and made myself a target. I might

do something stupid and ruin everything.
But I had to do this now.
I didn't particularly want to be a hero. This was just the last bit of pride I had left, so to speak.
「"Author-nim."」
Ji Eunyoo's voice rang in my ears.
The ahjussi looked up at me, bleeding.
As I helped him to his feet, I thought to myself.
Maybe this person is one of the theater's readers. Or maybe one of the readers in the theater was
his daughter.
I imagined the audience in my head. But the darkness in the theater was so deep, I couldn't make
out their faces.
「"Have you written anything?"」
So I decided to imagine the Kim Dokja I knew.
A man with a thin face and a cheeky grin.
A friend who loved stories more than anyone else in the world. He was willing to be the
protagonist of my story, and in the end, he really became the story itself.
I sold his stories, made money, and ate.
I survived.
"Now, if you believe me and follow my words."
I must give back to Kim Dokja what I have received.
"I will save you all."
With a story Kim Dokja doesn't know yet.
.
.
.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is interested in your story.]
Author's note
Don't tell me it's Kim Dokja?!

Episode 2. Rewrite (3)
<Episode 2. Rewrite (3)>
"What the hell are you talking about?"
The first one to react to my declaration was the big guy.
I've written a lot of characters like him throughout my entire writing career, so I know what to do
when this happens.
I tried to paraphrase Kim Dokja.
"You've been fighting against an impenetrable wall, and now you're done. As you've probably
realized by now, that's not going to get you out of this."
"What? How do you know that?"
"Don't turn a blind eye to reality."
Meeting my gaze, the big guy shivered.
"Unless you really want to die."
A chill ran through the station as if someone had poured it with cold water.
[The station's incarnations are startled by your words.]
[Your exclusive attribute's effect is strongly activated.]
[Your influence in the scenario area becomes slightly stronger.]
So this is my character's attribute.
Surprisingly, he's not a bad character.
"You might want to listen to this guy, he knows something about the situation."
As the ahjussi added his well-timed comment, people turned to look at me and shook.
I didn't miss the moment when the mood changed.
"Now, as you all know, this is real. It's not a movie shoot, it's not a dream. Neither the police nor
the army will come running to save you, and if you mess up, you could really die. However, if
you listen to me, you'll all be safe."
At last, a few people hesitantly gathered around.
About ten people.
It wasn't a bad start.
A young man in the front row asked.

"What are you, ahjussi, a soldier or a cop?"
"I used to be."
My words added to the uproar.
It wasn't a lie, as I had retired as a sergeant in the army.
It was then that the deacon, who had been listening from afar, approached.
"Do you really know something about this situation?"
"Yes, I do."
"How?"
"There's no point in going into detail, because frankly, no matter how I explain it, it's not an easy
situation. If I suddenly told you that God was angry at your sins and sent you a trial, would you
believe me?"
I gave a lighthearted example, but the deacon's eyes narrowed and he mumbled.
"Sins...... trials......?"
I must have touched the wrong switch.
The big guy who was listening to the conversation beside me got angry.
"Are you kidding me?"
Normally, his gruff demeanor would have intimidated me.
But today's Lee Hakhyun was different.
"Anyway, if you want to listen to me, listen to me, and if you don't, go over there and keep
pushing against the wall. Honestly, I don't care if only this ahjussi and I survive."
This kind of brazenness would have impressed even Kim Dokja.
Perhaps the persuasion worked, a few people looked at each other and shared their opiniones.
The most active was the deacon.
"Brothers and sisters, let's hear what he has to say."
"Let's do it. We're all going to live with it, aren't we?"
As the mood shifted slightly in my direction, the big guy bit his lip and glanced at me.
By the way, when we were being beaten up, we 'deserved it', but now we were all going to live
together?
I took a breath and began to speak.
"Something happened that we can't understand with our common sense. We were suddenly
trapped inside by an invisible wall, and we were given this thing called a 'scenario'. First of all,
we need to start by acknowledging this as a reality. Do we agree on that?"

People nodded hesitantly.
I continued.
"If we don't clear this scenario, we will die."
"Do we really have to kill? No matter whatᅳ"
"You have to believe that for now, as surreal as it seems. It's better than making a bad decision
and dying. Have you checked the conditions for clearing the scenario?"
"Kill one or more creatures....."
Watching the people in front of me timidly close the distance between us, I took a step forward,
trying to be defiant.
"Gather a group of humans and ask them to kill a creature, which of course sounds like asking
them to kill each other, but there's a trap in that statement."
"What trap?"
I smirked, watching the big guy who said the same thing over and over again.
"You could have just told them to kill 'humans'."
Their eyes widened in disbelief.
"Then the solution is......."
"It's simple. We just need to find another creature we can kill."
With that, I slammed the vending machine with all my might. Then I pointed to a cockroach that
scurried out from underneath.
"Ah!"
People gasped as they realized.
I nodded.
"If we all work together, we should be able to collect bugs quickly."
"Let's do it, right now!"
"Let's all put down the vending machine!"
People now clung to the vending machine instead of the invisible wall.
Their faces became livelier, perhaps because this time they had a sense of reality.
"Push!"
The moment the vending machine was pushed, a can of soda fell out with the sound of shaking.
No one took the drink.
"One more time!"

The vending machine tilted, and soon I heard something break.
The next thing I know, bugs are falling out of the back of the machine.
"They're out! Let's catch them!"
I shouted to the rushing people.
"If you catch a bug, don't kill it, show it to me first!"
"What? Why?"
I continued to speak firmly, despite their wary glances.
"I need to see if it's carrying eggs."
"Eggs?"
"An egg might qualify as a life form, so if we find one, we can all live."
"Ah......!"
"Remember, you have other people's lives in your hands. Only we can save each other."
People glanced back at each other, then took off their shoes and socks and start catching bugs.
Some people hit the vending machines with their bags or fists, while others grabbed nearby fire
extinguishers and hit it with them.
Even the big guy who had been giving me a hard time joined in and kicked a vending machine.
The reader ahjussi —the one who's daughter likes Kim Dokja— slowly came to my side and
asked.
"Are you okay?"
"What about you?"
"I'm fine."
We watched the bustling crowd.
Wiping blood from the corner of his mouth, the reader ahjussi said.
"You decided to save them all."
People scrambling to kill the bugs.
This would change the story of Geumho Station.
Those who were supposed to kill people and survive would kill bugs and survive.
Maybe even that big guy who wasn't in the original story.
"Is it because of me?"
The reader ahjussi lowered his head as if feeling guilty.
This will change the course of the entire novel, and we will face a future we don't know.
I put my hand lightly on reader ahjussi's shoulder.

"Don't think about it. I was going to do this from the start."
The number of people who caught one, two, and more insects began to increase.
Among them was the deacon, who had already secured his share of bugs.
"It's all thanks to you, brother. Thank you."
"No, it's not."
Perhaps this deacon was meant to die.
I felt a strange pang of guilt at the thought.
How many people have died like this in my novel?
[The character 'Kim Cheolyang' begins to trust you.]
It was then that I suddenly heard the character's inner thoughts.
My heart started to best fast.
I felt that something was finally coming.
As expected, I had an exclusive skill.
[The exclusive skill 'Character List' has been activated.]
[Character List.]
A skill that allows you to view the information of the characters in 'Omniscient Reader'.
It was a skill that Kim Dokja, the main character of Omniscient Reader, also had.
I tried to use the skill on the deacon.
[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated.]
+
<Character Summary>
Name: Kim Cheolyang
Age: 27 years old
Sponsor: None (No constelations are currently showing interest in this person).
Exclusive Attributes: Crouching Figure (General), Attention Seeker (General)
Exclusive Skills: [Irrational Blind Faith Lv.2.]. [Cognitive Dissonance Lv.3.]
Overall Stats: [Physique Lv.1], [Strength Lv.2], [Agility Lv.2], [Magic Power Lv.3.]
Overall Evaluation: Kim Cheolyang feels that his faith is currently being tested; he wants to be a
leader who is recognized by the people, but he has been unable to overcome his natural
personality and he's crouching down.
+
Character Kim Cheolyang.
I thought the name sounded familiar, and then I remembered that I had written down a character

named Kim Cheolyang at some point.
However, it was in one of over 10,000 notes, and I couldn't recall any details since the character
was included in an abandoned setting.
By the way, for an extra character, his exclusive attribute is pretty interesting.
'Crouching Figure.'
It was originally Jung Heewon who had the Crouching Figure attribute in the original version of
the story.
Depending on the circumstances, this trait has the potential to put him on the list of the 100
strongest in the world.
Is he a great unknown character?
Kim Cheolyang, who didn't know what I was thinking, kept talking.
"It's a good thing that this happened during the outdoor evangelism....... and I'm so glad we met
you."
"Oh, yes."
"Maybe the end of days has finally come, and like brother said, God is watching us."
He's probably watching us pretty hard. Grabbing a handful of popcorn for every head that
explodes.
"I think we're doing pretty well with your help, though."
"Shhh."
"Huh?"
Suddenly, I understood why I abandoned this character.
How dare he say 'pretty well'.
That line is a trigger in 'Omniscient Reader'.
—Hoo.
Shit. As expected.
—Here's another one who's playing tricks.
The message was atypical.
A message that used the one-on-one dokkaebi communication instead of the official channels.
It was an ominous omen.
There was no such development in the main story of 'Omniscient Reader'.
—Don't make it obvious, just listen. I'm telling you this specifically because it's funny.
When I quickly lowered my gaze and pretended nothing happened, Bihyung continued talking
with satisfaction.

—I see what you're thinking, but you'd better use your judgment. The constellations don't like
incarnations that are too smart.
Apparently, Bihyung was talking because of his own personal benefit.
Maybe they didn't like what I was doing.
I laughed bitterly as I looked in the air where Bihyung might be.
What would you, a low level dokkaebi, know? I'm sure I know far better than you what the
constellations like.
—Sometimes it's wise not to think too hard.
That was all Bihyung said.
"Found it! I found another one!"
"We're not quite there yet, we've got a lot of people left—"
"The trash can! Let's look in the trash can, too!"
The number of people trapped together was exactly twenty-two.
We needed to secure at least twenty-two bugs for everyone to survive.
"Found one!"
"Here, take another one!"
There were also people who had already caught bugs and were holding them for others. It was a
very moving scene.
It was hard to believe that these were the same people who fought for food in the original
'Omniscient Reader'.
The big guy picked up a large cockroach from afar and waved at me with a big smile on his face.
"Hey, is this one okay? It's a living thing too, right?"
I nodded.
[There are 21 minutes remaining.]
The bustling crowd slowed down noticeably.
I turned to them and asked.
"Is there anyone who hasn't caught a bug yet?"
No one raised their hand.
Twenty-two bugs, to be exact. That was the same number of people trapped here. It was a clean
sweep, the best possible result, without having to search for bug eggs.
"Hey, can we kill it now?"
"If we kill it, can we get out of here?"

Relief washed over their faces.
The pleasure that we had survived together without harming anyone.
After carefully checking everyone's hands for a bug, I nodded.
"Brothers and sisters, let's thank our insect brothers for their sacrifice!"
With the deacon's declaration, several people clapped their hands and slapped down the bugs
they held.
When the tension eased a bit, some people asked silly questions.
"Can I step on it?"
"You don't have to kill it with your hands, do you? You just have to kill it."
When I told them they could kill them any way they wanted, they started stomping on the bugs
like dirty children.
Squish!
Similar sounds echoed around the room.
Even the big guy, who had torn off all the bugs' legs afraid that it would escape, crushed it with
his feet.
"Die! Die!"
I opened the pocket that held the bug. The dead bug was there, along with some thick body
fluids. I must have squeezed it too tightly earlier when I tried to save the ahjussi.
I could hear the crowd cheering.
"Is it okay now?"
I was a little worried about the change of the development at Geumho Station, but as I looked at
the reader ahjussi's faintly smiling face, I realized that it was okay.
Maybe now the people of Geumho Station will be able to live a completely different life from the
one I wrote.
"Nothing happened, are you sure it's over?"
Someone asked anxiously.
"Has anything changed?"
People looked at each other and asked.
"This thing is dead, right? It's it tough because it's a bug?"

The big guy who had been trampling the bug in the corner questioned.
I don't know how many times he trampled on it because the giant bug was crushed by the sole of
his sneakers and I couldn't find any trace of it.
I thought back to the first scenario of 'Omniscient Reader' and suddenly realized an eerie fact.
I turned to the reader ahjussi.
"Ahjussi."
"What?"
"Did you get the system message after you killed the bug earlier?"
"Yeah. The scenario is cleared......"
I pulled out the dead bug from my pocket.
A bug that I couldn't tell when it died.
A chill ran down my spine.
「I didn't receive any system messages.」
Author's Note
Turn it off and on again.

Episode 2. Rewrite (4)
<Episode 2. Rewrite (4) >
I stared down at the bug's body for a long time.
It didn't make sense. Something must be wrong with the <Star Stream> system if it still deemed
this bug to be 'alive'.
"Now I just have to wait, right? I did as I was told."
"Hey, we've completed our assignment, let us out!"
Why isn't there a scenario completion message. A system message should have appeared as soon
as the bug was killed.
[There has been a problem with the main scenario system.]
With a tsuchuchut sound, Bihyung appeared out of thin air. He looked back at me and the others
with a troubled look on its face.
[Hey...... everyone.]
The moment I saw his face, I realized what I missed.
I was an idiot. Why didn't I notice sooner?
—Here's another one who's playing tricks.
A little while ago, Bihyung said that in the dokkaebi communication.
That meant that I wasn't the only one who was playing the scenario in an unusual way.
At first, I thought he was referring to Kim Dokja.
But there was something I hadn't considered.
There wasn't just one 'reader' in this scenario.
Bihyung, who was twitching his lips, spoke up in a disapproving voice.
[You think this is some kind of bug killing game. This scenario is really weird. How can the
same thing happen at the same time.......]
The exact same thing happening at the exact same time.
I looked at the ahjussi. He seemed to be thinking the same thing.

"No way......."
Somewhere in the world, there are readers who have read 'Omniscient Reader' just like him.
They knew the solution to the first scenario, just like we did, so they chose to catch bugs and
clear the scenario.
What we didn't realize was that too many people had used that solution.
[The Bureau has detected an unnatural flow in the scenario.]
[The probability of the scenario beings to tilt.]
[The will of the <Star Stream> is moving.]
A trope that has been tried so often, it has lost its novelty.
[You've got to hand it to humans for being cruel, killing poor bugs to save their own lives....]
I glanced down at the bug carcasses strewn throughout the station. Miserably squashed and
trampled corpses.
The recognition of bugs as 'living things' might mean that they were also 'scenario participants'.
So what did we look like in their eyes?
Bihyung looked at the bug carcasses on the floor, shook his head, and turned away.
"W-what's that all about?"
"I thought we were supposed to kill bugs to live?"
"It'll be fine, I'm sure he's just trying to scare us."
"Right, right, we played by the rules!"
In this world, the rules of the 'scenario' were absolute.
In particular, the 'Main Scenario' had an authority that even the dokkaebis could not violate.
No matter how much Bihyung disliked the situation, the main scenario could not be changed
unless the entire Bureau moved.
Tsuchuchuchut.
It had to be like that.
"U-uaaa! What's going on?"
This had never happened in 'Omniscient Reader'.
Not even when the <Kim Dokja's Company> entered the 1,865th round with Group Regression.
I instinctively looked up into the air.
I couldn't see any stars in the ceiling-blocked sky. However, somewhere in that unseen sky, there
must be constellations watching our underground struggle.
[The probability of the <Star Stream> is moving.]
I remembered the grand principle of the <Star Stream> that I had forgotten for the past three

years.
「The probability of a <Star Stream> moves in the direction of what the constellations are
interested in.」
[The main scenario contents have changed.]
It felt like the celestial body of the universe was tilting.
And at that exact tilt, I could hear the laws of the world twisting.
[For this scenario only, 'bugs' are excluded from 'living creatures'.]
[For the purposes of this scenario, 'bug killing' is no longer recognized as 'killing a living thing'.]
People screamed everywhere.
In the center of the abyss, I saw my own reflection in a window.
Through a door's window, a strange man was smiling at me.
「Now that's more like 'Omniscient Reader'.」
*
I once wrote that a story becomes a different story when you read it again. I still think that's
right.
I didn't mean it like this.
+
<Main Scenario #1 - Proof of Value>
Clear Conditions: Kill one or more creatures.
Time Limit: 30 minutes
Reward: 300 coins
Failure: Death
* In this scenario, 'bugs' are not treated as 'living things'.
* Clearance conditions for this scenario will no longer change.
+
When I read it again, the scenario actually changed.
The 'killing bugs' that Kim Dokja used is no longer allowed in this scenario.
"H-how can you do this all of a sudden!"
"Did anyone get a different message?"
Judging by the looks on their faces, no one had cleared the scenario.

I glanced in the reader ahjussi's direction, and he lowered his voice.
"It says I cleared it."
Luckily, the reader ahjussi was the first to kill the bug, and the scenario was recognized as
cleared.
"Don't make a fuss, and pretend you didn't clear either."
"Okay, but you......."
I shook my head, and his face turned pale.
He must be blaming himself for my death.
"Oh, my. Then―"
"Don't worry about me. It's not really me you should be worried about."
"What?"
"The rules have changed, and the person who was supposed to live may to die."
The person who was supposed to live.
That is, those who had survived by 'killing bugs' in Omniscient Reader.
"No way."
Reader ahjussi seemed to have thought of that as well.
「Kim Dokja might die.」
We didn't yet know if the changed rules were specific to some regions or if they would apply to
the entire scenario area.
But now we had to assume the worst. If, in the unlikely event that this change kills Kim Dokja,
thenᅳ
「Someone will have to replace Kim Dokja.」
Reader ahjussi asked, his lips trembling.
"What do we do now?"
"We'll have to think about it, I don't know yet."
The terrified people raised their voices to the air.
"We killed a creature, what the hell?"
[A few constellations are giggling.]
For the first time, we heard a message from the constellations.

The stunned people looked around in horror.
Deacon Kim Cheolyang, who came rushed over, grabbed me by my shoulders.
"Brother, what are we going to do? Is there any other way but the bugs?"
Not only Kim Cheolyang, but all the other people who were looking for bugs rushed toward me.
"You got us into this mess! What are we going to do now?"
"Take responsibility!"
They shouted at me. As if I was responsible for this whole mess.
I calmly retorted.
"Because of me?"
"Uh, well, you're responsible anyway! You're the reason we're all going to die!"
"Calm down. No one's going to die. Just because the bugs failed doesn't mean there no a way
out."
"You're right. I can kill you if I have to."
The big guy who had stopped trampling on the bug was coming toward me, dragging the soles of
his sneakers.
I looked at him and said.
"Of course, that's one option, if you're willing to deal with the aftermath."
"What?"
"After that's over, people will remember the killer."
If he was Kim Namwoon, this logic wouldn't work.
But the big guy wasn't as crazy as Kim Namwoon, and he stopped approaching me.
In the future, only murderers will survive. However, that's not something that ordinary people
can easily conclude.
It was the lack of imagination that I dug into.
"Then what? We have to kill living things to live."
"We can kill something. Not bugs nor people."
"What if the conditions change again? We just failed."
"They won't change this time."
"How do you know that?"
"Have you even read the scenario?"
I could see people opening the scenario window in a panic.
"It's true, the conditions won't change now."
"Can we believe this?"
I hadn't intended to go this far, but now the tables had turned.

"There's going to be a prime minister's speech on the news soon, and level one national disaster
is going to be declared."
"What?"
"Here's what he's going to say."
I said like a newscaster, recalling the opening lines of 'Omniscient Reader' I'd revised dozens of
times.
"To all my fellow citizens, unidentified terrorists are currently active in an unspecified number of
areas, including Seoul."
At my words, people opened their phones and started browsing the internet.
I quickly added before they could find the video.
"For your information, the president is already dead, and the prime minister will be killed during
his speech."
Less than a dozen seconds later, someone screamed.
"The prime minister is really speaking!"
The prime minister's voice came from cell phones everywhere.
—To all my fellow citizens, unidentified terrorists are currently active in an unspecified number
of areas, including Seoul.
Those were the exact words I spoke. The next sentence was no different.
The current government will fight against the terrorists with all means and methods, and there
will be no negotiations. Therefore, the people should go about their daily lives with peace of
mind.......
As the Prime Minister continued to speak, people looked in my direction as if possessed.
Then.
"U-uaaak!"
A startled citizen dropped his cell phone.
The prime minister was dead.
His head exploded in real time.
"What the hell is this.......!"
As events unfolded as I said, the big guy stuttered.
"You must have secretly looked it up online."
"W-what are you talking about, it was live!"

"How the hell do you know that, brother?"
I didn't answer back.
A few gunshots rang out, and Bihyung's face appeared on the screen, replacing the prime
minister.
I could hear gulps of breath all around me.
[Everyone, I've told you already. This isn't a game like 'terrorism'.]
I'm sure other readers are seeing the same thing I'm seeing right now.
But from now on, they were about to see something a little different.
[Do you still not understand? This still feels like a game to you, and killing a few bugs isn't going
to fix it.]
Normally, at this point, the remaining time would be reduced by 10 minutes, and if the first kill
didn't occur within 5 minutes, a penalty is triggered that wipes out all life in the area.
This will not be the case this time around.
「Because the scenario's clear conditions can no longer be changed.」
After the Bureau intervened once to remove the 'bugs' from the scenario, the first scenario's
clearance conditions were completely locked.
Therefore, the 'time penalty' will not be triggered this time.
[There are 20 minutes remaining.]
With a beep, a timer appeared out of thin air, and Bihyung laughed.
[20 minutes to go. Everyone, if you don't want to die, hurry up. Unless you want to end up like
your leaders.]
With those words, the screen flashed with images of the National Assembly members' heads
exploding.
The frightened people stood back Inhorror.
"What the hell is this―"
"U-uwaaa!"
A sense of dread settled over the entire station. Strangely enough, the horror actually uplifted me
deeply.
Suddenly, I wanted to write like crazy.
「We gained 10 minutes, so 'killing bugs' wasn't all for nothing.」
If I survive this, I might write the side story.

[The 'exclusive skill' becomes more active.]
Author's Note
There's 3 consecutive chapters today.

Episode 2. Rewrite (5)
<Episode 2. Rewrite (5)>
The people who watched the prime minister die in real time lost their minds and ran toward the
transparent wall they had pushed against earlier.
"We have to get out of here now! Break this wall!"
"Push it again, it might get pushed back!"
[Until the scenario in the area is completed, any kind of entry or exit is restricted.]
Panicked people clung to the transparent wall. They reminded me of a swarm of insects in a
mosquito net.
I took a short, deep breath and shouted in a loud voice.
"Everyone, pull yourself together. There's still plenty of time."
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is looking at you with a strange look on his eyes.]
[A few constellations are surprised by your calmness.]
"It was the lawmakers who died, not us."
The people look up at you with dazed faces.
[Some incarnations begin to rely on you.]
[Your influence in the scenario area has exceeded a threshold.]
Now that their reason was paralyzed by fear, I had an opportunity.
"We can still choose how to survive."
How way to survive.
One by one, the people cowering nearby stood up, looking at me.
"B-but. But they're all dead! The president, the prime minister―"
"They were just ordinary people too, who happened to wear those titles."
I heard someone hiccup.
"Get a grip. If you lose your mind here, you'll be left with only one option."
"......."

"And that's going to kill most of us here. Of course, some of us will survive, but they'll be few."
I glanced toward the big guy as I said that, and he growled and glared at me.
But that was his mistake. One by one, the people nearby swarmed toward me, wary of the man.
"What the hell, you guys."
They realized. How the weak survive in a predatory ecosystem where laws and rules are broken.
I continued speaking.
"No one has to die. The strong, the weak, everyone can survive, and there's no need to be
disappointed that the bugs failed, it was just the 'first way'."
One by one, people's faces changed. Among them, the one whose expression changed
dramatically was the deacon's, Kim Cheolyang, who had made the mistake of saying 'pretty well'
earlier.
[The character 'Kim Cheolyang' is convinced by your words.]
[Character 'Kim Cheolyang' feels a strong sense of trust in you.]
"Is there another way? Besides bugs or people...... What else could we kill......."
While people were confused, I thought and thought and thought.
If we couldn't use 'bugs' anymore, now I had to find a new answer.
The first thing I did was to open my phone and check the comments on the 'first episode' of
Omniscient Reader.
—If a bug works out, what about bacterias? Bacterias are living things.
This is a story I didn't write.
—Doesn't stomach acid kill bacteria even if you don't move? Doesn't that mean you can survive
without doing anything?
—Ah, that's ridiculous.
A world line that exists only as a possibility, imagined by the collective intelligence of readers.
—What's the principle of hand sanitizer? Doesn't it kill germs?
—Wouldn't using a hand sanitizer on your palm save your life?
—There's a lot of germs everywhere.
......
—What happens if you kill yourself?
"I'm going to tell you the 'second way.'"

*
rlaehrwk37: But does that really work?
*
[There are 16 minutes remaining.]
"Here's a lighter."
"Clothes are made of fabric, so they'll burn fast, right?"
"It doesn't matter what it is, they're germs, they'll stick to it."
To execute the 'second way', people quickly obtained the supplies I asked for.
"Are you sure this will work?"
I nodded gently and began stacking the bundles of old clothes people had collected in the center
of the station.
Our plan was simple. If the bugs didn't work, we'd kill something else. Something too small to
see that existed everywhere.
Deacon Kim Cheolyang asked with concern.
"But do germs count? Aren't germs invisible?"
"God is also invisible, isn't he?"
Kim Cheolyang seemed to get a little angry at my words.
Wondering if I had gone too far with the joke, I quickly added.
"In biology class, we learn that bacteria are also living things. Even if you can't see it, it's still a
living thing."
I could tell he wasn't convinced, so I explained a little more.
"Think of it like aliens. There must be life on planets in the far universe, but we can't see them."
"Brother, there are no aliens. Only pseudo-religions believes in that."
"Anyway, I'm just giving you an example."
"I see, so you're saying they're living things even if we can't see them."
I nodded, but even I wasn't 100 percent convinced by this strategy.
Does killing an invisible creature work to clear the scenario?
In fact, there is no clear answer to that even if you read the whole novel.
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is interested in your strategy.]
[A few constellations wonder what you're trying to do.]

However, there is a commonly accepted 'answer' in all scenarios.
「The one that will be interesting and convincing to the constellations.」
I mutter to myself, staring at the ceiling.
"Maybe it doesn't matter so much what you kill, but how it makes the person who observes it
feel."
"What?"
"Maybe what we're killing is one of these germs."
I opened my phone and showed him a list of the germs we were likely to kill and what they
looked like.
Germs that are always present in subway stations, but we've never actually seen.
Organisms you can't see with the naked eye, so you wouldn't normally care.
Now people had to kill them to survive.
"I looked it up, and germs are actually living things."
"This time we'll succeed, right?"
Still, people's faces lit up a bit at the thought of a new breakthrough.
Not everyone, of course.
"You've all lost your minds."
The big guy grumbled, glaring at me and the others as if he didn't like the situation.
But then he glanced away, and he opened his phone and began to surreptitiously search for
something.
I peeked my head out to see what he was searching for.
—bacteria life
—insect life
—life
—athlete's foot
—propecia side effects
As he was excitedly perusing the list of search terms, reader ahjussi next to me whispered.
"Will this work? We won't be able to identify the germs we kill."
"Well, we'll do what we can. Just because you can't find the bodies of the people you kill with
missiles doesn't mean you didn't kill them."
If we had an electron microscope, it would be possible to confirm the death of the bacteria
directly, but we didn't.
So for now, we had to do whatever we could.
If we can't see the bacteria, we have to at least do something that makes it clear that we intend to

kill them.
That way, the constellations would understand what we were trying to do.
"Will burning really kill the germs? What if they don't die?"
"They're going to die. Why do you boil water? Because it sterilizes everything."
"Is that so?"
"Brothers, didn't you look it up earlier? You should know exactly how to kill them."
"Oh, deacon. We're old and don't know what you mean."
Kim Cheolyang explained to them in frustration.
"Ah, germs die because their proteins are denatured when they're heated, right?"
I glanced at Kim Cheolyang with a questioning glance, and he nodded wordlessly.
A moment later, a small campfire blazed in the center of Geumho Station.
*
—rlaehrwk99: But by that logic, shouldn't you live because the bacteria in your stomach will die
even if you stay still?
—rlaehrwk24: The stomach is an involuntary muscle, so it's hard to say there was an intention to
kill.
—rlaehrwk99 : Isn't it possible to kill by controlling the stomach with force?
—rlaehrwk24: The involuntary muscle is....
—rlaehrwk37: Yoo Joonghyuk would be able to control his stomach with force.
*
People threw the bodies of dead bugs and other miscellaneous items they had into the fire.
Kim Cheolyang threw his cell phone case into the fire, and reader ahjussi tore receipts from his
wallet.
Others threw their shoes into the fire or pulled out their hair.
The big guy, who was wary of people, secretly took off his socks and threw them into the fire.
"My sock......."
No one brought up the last words of the big guy.
10, 20......
The people stood still and watched the bonfire burn.
Sitting around the campfire with such a serious look in their eyes, it felt like we were at a
religious retreat.
They were praying to an invisible god, thinking about invisible germs.
I did the same.
The invisible bacteria burned in the sacred flame.
They were burning.
I believed they were burning.

However, imagining the death of unknown germs was as difficult as imagining the faces of
nameless readers.
What happened to them?
As the reader ahjussi with his hands clasped together, muttering something, others must be alive
somewhere in this world.
Judge Heewon who sat next to me in the theater, the girl who wondered if Kim Dokja was alive
or dead, the reader who knew the secret of 1,863, and the reader who memorized the number of
■.......
I closed my eyes and imagined them safely completing the first scenario.
"Did anyone get a message or anything?"
I said, and they looked at each other. Eyes nervous, like worshippers waiting for a message from
God.
"Oh, there's something in front of me......."
At that moment, God's message appeared in front of everyone.
[There is currently an error in the system message output and reward payment due to excessive
scenario modification.]
[Whether the scenario is cleared or not will be automatically noticed after the time limit has
expired.]
Someone muttered in surprise.
"What the hell is this......."
No need to ask, the message was simple.
No matter what we do next, we won't know if the scenario is cleared until 'the end of the
scenario'.
I was stunned.
No way, I didn't expect this from the administration.
It was at that moment that a tsuchuchut went off in my head.
[What the hell are you thinking?]
The image of a tired face appeared.
[This season is so weird. What is wrong with you people? Killing bugs, and now you're killing
germs...... You guys are causing the scenario system to crash. It's clogging up the message output
and won't let me preview the results!]
Judging by what Bihyung said, the situation was not intended by the Bureau.

Meanwhile, people were also getting annoyed.
"What's up with that? We can't know if we've passed this or not."
"Hey, did we solve our scenario?"
"Bacterias are living things, right? Please answer me!"
Bihyung frowned at the people.
[That's.......]
The moment Bihyung opened his mouth, sparks flew in the air once again.
[The constellations of the 'absolute evil' system warn the dokkaebi 'Bihyung'.]
[The constellations of the 'absolute good' system warn the dokkaebi 'Bihyung'.]
[The constellations watching the scenario do not want the dokkaebi to intervene in the scenario.]
Something doesn't feel right about this.
[Hmm...... If the constellations say so.]
Bihyung looked around at the incarnations with a frosty gaze.
[Finding the answer is part of the scenario, so I can't give you the answer, but as a special
service, I will tell you what will happen if you fail the scenario.]
The moment I heard that, I checked the timer.
[There are 10 minutes remaining.]
It was time for 'that' to show up.
Author's Note
Thank you. There is one more.

Episode 2. Rewrite (6)
<Episode 2. Rewrite (6)>
A giant holographic screen appeared in the center of the subway station.
People screamed in surprise.
The screen showed a classroom.
Shaking girls in navy blue school uniforms.
It was a scene I recognized.
「Daepong Girls' High School.」
The girls on the screen were working together to break down the classroom door.
Of course, their efforts will fail, because this is such a story.
An ominous beep, beep, beep, beepᅳ
The girls screamed.
[The given time has run out.]
[Paid settlement will begin.]
With the announcement, the girls' heads began to explode one by one.
I opened my eyes and stared at the scene. I had a responsibility to see the story through to the
end.
On the screen, the last remaining girl clutched her friend's throat.
A choked groan.
Then the only survivor on the screen looked around.
[#Bay23515 channel. Daepong Girls' High School, Year 2 Class B Survivor: Lee Jihye.]
The exact same development as 'Omniscient Reader'.
Lee Jihye, who was glaring at the screen, disappeared and Bihyung laughed.
[How about it. It's funny, right?]
"H-how—"
The people in the room froze in horror.
Even the big guy was quite surprised, and the eyes of the reader ahjussi, who probably already
knew the story, were shaking.
I was the only one who didn't panic.
[The character 'Lee Hyunjoo' is freaking out!]

[The character 'Yeom Baekhoon' is freaking out!]
Psychological messages from characters were coming from all over the place.
Bihyung touched the exact spot where people's anxiety was coming from and disappeared again.
"T-the kid who survived at the end. She must have killed someone."
Someone muttered as if possessed.
The chorus of voices around him spread like wildfire.
"Are we wrong? What if the germs aren't the answer?"
"Are you sure you know what you're talking about? Are you sure we can survive?"
I had to appease them somehow.
"Wait a minute. Can you all calm down?"
"How are we supposed to calm down now?"
The excited people shouted at me.
The reader ahjussi, who had been watching the situation from the sidelines, stepped forward to
dissuade them.
"We don't know the outcome yet, do we? This guy wants to save you all too, so come on—"
"The problem is that we don't know the outcome! If we're wrong, we're screwed!"
"You're the same! You two are friends, aren't you?"
"We're all going to die now because of you, what are we going to do!"
In an instant, the people surrounding us were ready to lynch us. There was also the big guy in the
middle of the crowd, smiling with satisfaction.
When I first set up this plan, I knew this would be a crisis point.
I also had a plan for this moment.
[There are 9 minutes remaining.]
But then I got tired.
I wondered if it would be wiser to just run away with the ahjussi and kill the nine minutes.
With these cowardly thoughts running through my mind, I searched the subway for a suitable
hiding place.
As soon as I did that.
[The character 'Kim Cheolyang' is looking at you.]
[The character 'Kim Cheolyang' wants to do something unexpected.]
A message rang in your head.
[The activation conditions for the exclusive skill '⬜⬜' has been met.]

[The exclusive skill '⬜⬜' has been activated.]
......⬜⬜?
[The character 'Kim Cheolyang's attribute is preparing to bloom.]
[You can interfere with character 'Kim Cheolyang's attribute blooming.]
[The exclusive skill '⬜⬜' is activated!]
The scenery around me turned colorless, and people's actions slowed down drastically.
I, too, stiffened and stopped moving.
In a world where time had stopped, only the letters floated in the colorless background.
「Lee Hyekyung thought, 'It's all because of him.'」
「Kim Haemoon thought, 'I'm being punished by heaven for killing a bug.'」
「Ji Hyungdong didn't like those narrow eyes from the beginning.」
When I looked closely, there was another sentence floating above my head.
「And Lee Hakhyun realized what the skill was.」
Then a message appeared in the white space in front of me.
[You have entered the 'Snowfield'.]
[Describe the next action of 'Kim Cheolyang'.]
+
# Kim Cheolyang's Awakening

「At that moment, Kim
Cheolyang⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜
* At your current skill level, you can write a total of 150 additional characters.
+
Spaces that emerged like unfinished manuscripts.
It wasn't hard to understand what those blanks were.
[You can stay in the 'Snowfield (雪源)' for a total of 3 minutes.]
Just as Kim Dokja had a 'reader' skill, I had a 'writer' skill.
Skill '⬜⬜'.
Will what I write come true?

Since I didn't have much time, I decided to write a sentence in the blank first. The purpose was
clear.
Use Kim Cheolyang to save me and the ahjussi from the crisis.
As I concentrated, the sentences flowed out of my head.
It was natural.
I'm Omniscient Reader's author.
「At that moment, an unknown loyalty sprang up inside of Kim Cheolyang for the man with the
narrow eyes (meaning Lee Hakhyun, but Kim Cheolyang didn't know his name yet). This loyalty
soon awakened him.
[The character 'Kim Cheolyang' evolves into 'Judge of Destruction'.]
"Stop. Don't touch him." (149 characters in total)」
That's it.
At a glance, it was a perfect development.
Using the fact that his attribute is 'Crouching Figure', I evolved Kim Cheolyang into a 'Judge of
Destruction' like Jung Heewon.
As far as I'm concerned, it's an excellent double-entendre.
[This story is ridiculous.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 1%.]
[You're running out of probability.]
Huh?
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
I nodded in agreement.
+
rlaehrwk37: I'm getting off
+
I stood dumbfounded for a moment, then regained my composure. Now was not the time to be
shocked.
I resumed writing my sentence.
「At that moment, Kim Cheolyang realized that he was actually a martial arts master in his
previous life........ (147 characters in total)」

[This story is impossible.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 0.1%.]
[You're running out of probability.]
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
+
rlaehrwk37: I'm getting off
+
「At that moment, Kim Cheolyang realized that he was Kim Namwoon's cousin. The unknown
affection towards his own blood that flowed from him....... (143 characters in total)」
[This story is bizarre.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 3%.]
[You're running out of probability.]
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
+
rlaehrwk37: Do you want to die?
+
I wrote a couple more times like that with no luck.
After taking one comment punch after another, I was mentally exhausted.
[There are 30 seconds remaining.]
I started to feel self-deprecating. I couldn't think of anything to write or how to write it.
I closed my eyes, watching the time tick away in real time.
It's times like these that I need to go back to the drawing board.
「"Author-nim."」
Then I heard the voice of the dokkaebi Ji Eunyoo in my head.
「"What does this character want?"」
Ah.
[There are 20 seconds remaining.]
[The exclusive attribute is in effect!]
I thought about Kim Cheolyang, a character who existed only as a setting.

[There are 15 seconds remaining.]
How he would act in this situation, what he would say, what he would want to be.
Just like the day I first wrote 'Omniscient Reader', I frantically wrote sentences.
I spoke as Kim Cheolyang and acted as Kim Cheolyang.
At that moment, I was Kim Cheolyang.
The moment I typed the last word.
[The time limit has expired.]
[This story is plausible.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 90%.]
[There's enough probability.]
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
+
rlaehrwk37: Oh
+
I don't know what that "oh" means, but at least it surprised the reader.
By the way, this asshole, I'll remembered your ID.
[Successfully recreating the scene.]
[Leaving the 'Snowfield'.]
I felt the power draining from my body, and the colors around me returned to normal.
The excited people came toward me and reader ahjussi and I could see the big guy come to us.
Then.
"Everyone."
「At that moment, Kim Cheolyang stepped forward.」
The sentence I had written began to come to life.
"Our faith is being tested right now."
「Not anyone could do it. But the moment he stepped forward, he was seized with an intense
belief that he had been chosen by God.」
"Faith?"
「Maybe it was the fire. I could see the fire burning beyond their pupils.」

That's all I wrote. However, it was enough for an introduction.
According to [Character List], Kim Cheolyang sees this scenario as a test of faith.
"I'm sure you've all noticed by now that someone is watching us from the sky."
[The eyes of a few constellations light up.]
The crowd roared at the timely message.
Encouraged, Kim Cheolyang became more determined and shouted.
"The 'gods' are watching our choices, whether we choose justice or evil."
[Evolution of character 'Kim Cheolyang' is imminent!]
[The words of the character 'Kim Cheolyang' move people's hearts.]
"Think about it with common sense. The one who killed a human and cleared the scenario, and
the one who cleared the scenario without killing anyone. Which one is more just, and who would
the gods be rooting for?"
The listeners shook their heads. Some muttered, 'That's right' and 'murder is a big sin'.
Kim Cheolyang continued.
"The answer is set. We chose the right side, and the only thing left is our faith in ourselves. We
even met a 'God's emissary' who knows the future."
God's emissary?
Kim Cheolyang, who suddenly stood up from his seat, pointed at me over the campfire.
"We listened to him and found a way to solve the challenge without anyone dying. We've already
passed the ordeal."
That's a line I didn't mean him to say?
The moment Kim Cheolyang looked at me with passionate eyes, people also looked back at me.
And then.
"Maybe the deacon is right. There's no way we'll be asked to kill human beings."
People started talking.
"Look at those kids in the video. They're all dead because they were trying to kill each other."
"People's lives are so precious!"
A life-threatening situation in an unrealistic scenario.
There's a god watching over them, and a religious person affirming and encouraging their
choices.
Killing was scary, faith was close.

Survival, in which they all believed, was sweet.
Hope, which was powerless when they were separated, became a religion when a single event
brought them together.
"Kim Cheolyang! Kim Cheolyang!"
"We were chosen, we were chosen......."
Someone cried out in excitement.
I could see reader ahjussi sighing lightly from the side.
Anyway, thanks to the great work of the awakened Kim Cheolyang, the crisis for me and the
ahjussi seemed to have passed safely.
But that wasn't the end of the story.
[The character 'Kim Cheolyang' has awakened the new attribute 'Cult Leader'.]
[The character 'Kim Cheolyang' has acquired a new religious view.]
[The character "Kim Cheolyang" has acquired the basic doctrine of the 'Life's Teachings'.]
Life's Teachings (生命敎).
The moment I heard the name, a chill ran down my spine.
One of the ten thousand notes in my head came back to me clearly.
「At that moment, Lee Hakhyun remembered exactly who 'Kim Cheolyang' was.」
[The character 'Kim Cheolyang' had accepted your 'view of life'.]
[You had a great influence on the establishment of the religious view.]
I realized what I had done.
The character Kim Cheolyang.
My first notes about him are as follows.
「From the Ten Evils (十惡), the Life Leader Kim Cheolyang.」
The Ten Evils, the worst villains of Omniscient Reader.
I just raised one of them with my own hands.
Author's Note
Thank you.

Episode 2. Rewrite (7)
<Episode 2. Rewrite (7)>
While writing Omniscient Reader, there were a few times when the plot would break down.
A character would suddenly speak in a historical drama style, or they would forget a skill (or
more accurately, I would forget it).
I apologized to my readers and made changes to save the day.
But what I did this time was impossible to fix.
"Let's praise the germs who made a significant sacrifice for us."
It's not enough that I've had a profound impact on the cult's religious views, but I'm also involved
in the re-emergence of the Ten Evils.
"Oh— germs, germs, bacterias."
What the hell have you done, Lee Hakhyun?
The reader ahjussi next to me was clapping his hands with the wrong beat, unaware of what was
going on.
[Your influence in this scenario area is significant.]
[The 'view of life' you spread dominates the religious views in the area.]
I wondered if I'd rather be on the wrong side of the tracks and be a villain.
It was not a wise idea.
"Oh— the great sacrifice of the germs."
If I ran into Yoo Joonghyuk while doing something like this, I would be decapitated with a single
blow.
[The character 'Lee Hyunjoo' believes in you.]
[The character 'Im Baekhoon' believes in you.]
[The character 'Yeom Youngcheol' believes in you.]
Still, I didn't feel too bad that everyone believed in me.
I've never had so many people believe in me in my life.
[Most of the incarnations in the area are moved by your words.]
After one hymn, the tension eased, and people sat around the campfire in a circle.

A few people sipped canned drinks from the vending machine, talked, and prayed.
"Isn't this supposed to kill germs? Lactobacillus acidophilus is also a bacterium. I hear no one
makes it to the intestines alive."
"Where were you going, ahjumma?"
"I was just on my way to pick up my son's yogurt. What about you?"
"I had dinner plans with my girlfriend."
"Well, that's funny, because I was just on my way to go to see the chicken restaurant I opened
with my wife, and then this tragedy......."
Others handed me a canned drink and said.
"Bacteria are also living things, this is the first time I've realized it. Wow, young people are so
smart."
"You should study well. Where did you go to college?"
I didn't answer, just smiled meaninglessly.
With a speech by Life Leader Kim Cheolyang, both religious and non-religious people had a
strange look on their faces.
They say that religion is a drug to overcome death, and maybe that's true.
However, not everyone was high on it.
"Are you all crazy? There's a surefire way to live, but you're going to let it go?"
Not surprisingly, it was the big guy. He had something like a pipe in his hand; I didn't know
where he got it from.
I couldn't see him for a moment, then I realized he'd been searching through the station for it.
"If you want to get fucked, get fucked alone."
The people's faces tensed as the weaponized big guy approached.
"Wait a minute, what's wrong with you? You burned your socks earlier."
"Naive assholes. You really believe it's killing if you kill something you can't even see or tell if
it's dead or not?"
"Well, so what?"
"Have you forgotten what that monster showed us earlier? The surest way to get out of here
alive."
The big pipe pointed at the people.
"Kill someone here, and you'll be sure to live."
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is chuckling.]
I think I know what's going on.

Apparently, one of the constellations encouraged him.
I looked at the big guy and activated [Character List.]
[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated!]
+
<Character Summary>
Name: Lee Cheoldoo
Age: 39 years old
Sponsor: None (one constellation is currently showing intereset in this person).
Exclusive Attributes: Gangster (general), Ex-convict (general)
Exclusive Skills: [Dogfight Lv.3], [Bluff Lv.3], [Intimidation Lv.3], [Headbutting Lv.2]
Overall Stats: [Physique Lv.7], [Strength Lv.7], [Agility Lv.6], [Magic Power Lv.1]
Overall Rating: This is the boss of the 'Cheoldoo Group[1]'. Characterized by a hard head, he has
a powerful headbutting technique.
+
The boss of the 'Cheoldoo Group', Lee Cheoldoo.
It wasn't until I read the description that I realized who this guy was.
Come to think of it, there was a group called 'Cheoldoo' at Geumho Station.
The Cheoldoo Group's boss wasn't in the original story of 'Omniscient Reader', but I had created
a setting for it.
I took a step forward and said.
"Don't panic. We're in a group, and he's alone."
No matter how many weapons Lee Cheoldoo had, or whether he was the Cheoldoo Group's boss,
he couldn't fight against twenty-one people.
But Lee Cheoldoo didn't let up.
"Whoa, wait a minute. Kill you all? I only have to kill one of you. From these 27..."
As he scanned the faces of the people, one by one, as if he was picking out the weakest bug, he
glanced in my direction.
"Let's be honest with each other, you're all scared to death of believing that bastard too, aren't
you?"
Lee Cheoldoo laughed lightly and slapped his pipe with his palm as if he understood.
"First ten people. Stick to my side, and I'll take responsibility and save you no matter what."
He took another step forward, adding.

"The rest of you, be prepared to die."
Everyone took a step back as Lee Cheoldoo approached.
Kim Cheolyang panicked and shouted.
"Don't listen to him, everyone. We've already won the right to survive! There's no need to fight
unnecessarily!"
Then, the enraged people shouted in unison.
"That's right, you killed the germs too! You can live if you stay still, why are you doing this?"
"Maybe you don't get it yet, but it's okay now? You can live because you killed the germs."
Still, killing bugs and germs together created a sense of camaraderie, and the unity of the people
wasn't bad.
[The incarnations in the area are united.]
[The influence of the religious view is growing stronger.]
Lee Cheoldoo scratched his ears in disbelief and became irritated.
"You're really crazy. Then let's just have one of you die to me."
"D-don't panic, if we all fight togetherᅳ"
"I don't care how many of you there are."
Lee Cheoldoo's pipe hissed and scraped the floor.
"You'll die in the order you come."
The people backed away in horror.
If everyone pitched in, they might be able to subdue him.
However, no one was willing to step forward.
As he searched for a target, Lee Cheoldoo's eyes landed on the man closest to him.
Realizing that he had been targeted, he called out to the surrounding area.
"H-help me, please! Help me!"
But no one tried to help him. The crowd quickly backed away like a swarm of bugs that had been
discovered.
Lee Cheoldoo raised his pipe as if he knew that would happen.
[The character 'Kim Haemoon' is panicking!]
"S-save me! I'll stick with you!"

Character Kim Haemoon. He had been passive ever since he killed the bug.
Lee Cheoldoo said fiercely.
"No, I don't need you anymore."
"Please, please! I'll give you 100 million if we get out of here, I can even send you the money
right now!"
Lee Cheoldoo frowned as he thought for a moment.
"100 million. Then you decide who to kill."
Kim Haemoon looked at the others with trembling eyes.
The first person he looked at was the ahjumma who said she was going to give her son yogurt.
She was the first to run away when Lee Cheoldoo turned toward Kim Haemoon.
[The character 'Lee Hyekyung' is terrified.]
"W-why are you looking at me! I have to live, my child is waiting for me!"
Kim Haemoon's head turned to look at the man next to her. It was the young man who had dinner
plans with his girlfriend.
[The character 'Jeong Hancheol' is looking around.]
Jeong Hancheol quickly looked back and forth between Kim Haemoon and Lee Cheoldoo, and
gave a small, friendly smile.
"Can I be on your side?"
Kim Haemoon's head snapped back to the middle-aged man beside him.
[The character 'Ji Hyungdong' is freaking out.]
This time, it was the man who said he opened a chicken restaurant with his wife.
I walked over to him, thinking it was a bad idea. The time limit was about to expire, so I had to
drag it out somehow.
But when he saw me, Ji Hyungdong pointed at me.
"I-If you're going to kill someone, kill him! He made this whole thing happen!"
At first, I thought I had misheard him, but then people started chattering around me.
"That's right. He made the situation like situation, he should be held accountable."
They were obviously friendly people until a while ago.

"W-why are you looking at us like that? He's not wrong."
"What's wrong with you, young man? Fight. Fight and win."
"At times like these, you step up like a man!"
My breathing became stifled, as if I were the bug trapped in my pocket.
Lee Cheoldoo smiled at me.
"Okay, you'll work."
In an instant, the surroundings became silent.
When I turned around, people began to avoid my eyes as if they had made a promise.
Even without [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint], it was obvious what they were thinking.
「As long as it's not me.」
I wasn't surprised.
I already knew this was their nature.
I looked at the approaching Lee Cheoldoo and thought to myself.
Avarage physique, strength and agility of 7.
I wonder if I can beat him.
[There are 5 minutes remaining.]
Let's just hold on for five minutes.
I looked at Kim Cheolyang for the last time. He looked at my pupils and made a complicated
expression.
[The character 'Kim Cheolyang' is very troubled.]
[The character 'Kim Cheolyang' is a person whose 'sentence' you wrote yourself.]
[You have a very good understanding of the character.]
I didn't have [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint], but Kim Cheolyang's internal thoughts echoed in
my ears.
「There are three people who have influence in this station right now.」
「Me, the narrow eyes man, and the big guy.」
Kim Cheolyang's eyes quickly switched between me and the big guy.
「If I don't stop him, he'll die.」
「I don't think he's going to listen to me.」
「If I don't succeed, I'll.......」
Quickly changing his posture, Kim Cheolyang took a step away from me with the people and
shouted loudly.

"Don't move rashly, everyone, stand back. God's emissary is about to get redemption(代贖) for
us."
Kim Cheolyang is a man who fears his power being threatened. If he can't stop the beast anyway,
he'd rather take advantage of the situation.
A way to strengthen his position and justify my death.
"No matter how insignificant, a life is a life. Right now, God's emissary is going to sacrifice
himself to atone for killing the bacterial brothers. Let's all say thank you."
It was ridiculous, but the people's eyes were already filled with madness.
They, too, had agreed to sacrifice me for their own survival.
Jeong Hancheol and Ji Hyungdong whispered as they retreated.
"Germs are living beings, you could have just looked it up on the Internet. It's not like it's a big
deal. You'd have figured it out eventually, right?"
"Let's not get into this, let's stay neutral. There's a reason he's so upset."
I was still calm.
「No writer is ever surprised by their own words.」
Lee Cheoldoo's shadow was cast on the spot where the others had retreated. The feet that had
been relentlessly trampling on the bug turned toward me.
"If it's decided, the rest of you get lost. I'm only going to kill this asshole, as promised. Hey, get
out of my way."
People at a short distance were beaten on the arms and legs with the pipe.
"Aaaak! My arm!"
"Don't be stupid, come over here quickly! Only one person needs to die!"
The terrified people quickly ran to the scenario barrier.
Just like that, everyone was far away from my side.
[There are 3 minutes remaining.]
Only one person, the one person who hadn't run away, was still with me for this ending.
Author's Note
There are two chapters today.
[1] Cheoldoo: Ironhead.

Episode 2. Rewrite (8)
<Episode 2. Rewrite (8)>
The reader ahjussi standing next to me shook his stiff shoulders and whispered in a low voice.
"Don't fight, just run away on the count of three."
I couldn't know, but he probably read the whole Omniscient Reader.
I'm sure of it.
No, I forgive him if he didn't.
"You should run away, ahjussi. You don't look like you have high stats."
"No, I'll drag it out with you. We don't have much time left, just hang in thereᅳ"
Screaming like a wild boar, Lee Cheoldoo lunged at me, aiming for the back of my head.
I threw myself as hard as I could and crashed into him.
"Ouch."
Lee Cheoldoo dropped the pipe, slightly shocked. However, due to the weight difference, he
didn't fall.
In the next moment, I saw Lee Cheoldoo's golden teeth shining white.
"You're like a hero."
Lee Cheoldoo lightly pinned down my arms and then headbutted me in the face.
Luckily, I remembered seeing the Headbutting skill in the [Character List], so I reflected my
head back, but I was still shocked. My vision spun and my knees sank.
When I came to my senses, Lee Cheoldoo was already mounted on top of me.
I opened my mouth to speak, pretending to be as calm as possible.
"Lee Cheoldoo, leader of the Cheoldoo Group."
His eyes widened at my words.
"What, do you know me?"
"Are you planning to be a murderer for the rest of your life?"
"You asshole......."
Lee Cheoldoo laughed unpleasantly and whispered in my ear.

"Wouldn't that be better than dying?"
[There are 2 minutes remaining.]
Instead of replying, I turned my head and scanned my surroundings. In the distance, I could see
people watching. Some were crying, others were praying.
Kim Cheolyang was singing a hymn with them. Oh worms, germs, and whatever, they were
celebrating my death.
"Are you laughing?"
Frowning, Lee Cheoldoo grabbed my throat with both hands. With a crack, my breathing was cut
off in an instant.
I suddenly realized that there was no one in this story that I knew.
[There is 1 minute remaining.]
There was no righteous Lee Hyunsung here, no Yoo Sangah stepping up for the weak, no Lee
Gilyoung collecting worms. There was no Jung Heewon standing up to villains, no Yoo
Joonghyuk going insane from repeated regressions, and.......
The oxygen supply to my head was rapidly diminishing, and my entire body felt weak. The
moment my vision went dark, I heard a dull noise. Through my blurred vision, I could see Lee
Cheoldoo staggering.
Behind him, someone stood holding a pipe dangerously.
It was someone I knew.
Someone who was more ordinary than any of the other Omniscient Reader's characters.
A man whose only familiarity with the world was the novel he had read for ten years.
My protagonist, who was actually a coward, but had risked death for those he loved time and
time again.
「Kim Dokja.」
Once again, I heard a dull noise, and Lee Cheoldoo roared and drove his fist into my face.
As I coughed up blood, Lee Cheoldoo chased after Kim Dokja.
I rubbed my eyes, and the back of what looked like Kim Dokja disappeared, and I saw reader
ahjussi running away.
[There are 40 seconds remaining.]
After catching him, Lee Cheoldoo snatched the pipe.
I wiped my lips and ran.
[There are 20 seconds remaining.]
Looking at the pipe he was wielding, I wrapped himself around reader ahjussi and rolled over. A
sharp pain shot through my back.

I heard Lee Cheoldoo shout.
"You crazy bastard! I'll kill you!"
[There are 10 seconds remaining.]
"You psychopathic bastard! Now everyone is going to be killed because of you! Everyone—"
I looked up at him and smiled for the first time.
"I don't care."
Lee Cheoldoo's screams mingled with the screams of the people and the pounding of my heart.
[There is 1 second remaining.]
Then.
[The given time has run out.]
[Paid settlement will begin.]
All the surrounding sounds disappeared.
I felt dizzy, like the world was spinning.
I gasped for breath and lifted my head. I blinked, checked my vision, and checked my breathing.
Everything was normal.
The time limit had expired and I wasn't dead.
A faint emotion stirred deep in my chest.
The reader ahjussi who was lying next to me stood up and asked.
"Did...... Did we succeed?"
I nodded. As I slowly opened my mouth, I heard the sound of something collapsing next to me.
It was the giant body of Lee Cheoldoo, his head missing.
The startled reader ahjussi shuddered and muttered.
"Huh......?"
Beyond Lee Cheoldoo's giant body, the desolate landscape of Geumho Station was revealed.
The first thing I saw was the Life Leader Kim Cheolyang.
He was saying something to me. I couldn't hear his voice, but it wasn't hard to imagine the
words.
「My God.」
I then looked at Lee Hyekyung, who was bringing yogurt to her son, Jeong Hancheol, who was
meeting his girlfriend, and Ji Hyungdong, who was going to run a chicken restaurant with his

wife.
I wanted to ask them.
「Does anyone here know the meaning of '1,863'?」
Kim Cheolyang's head exploded with a puff.
「Of course, no one knows.」
Starting with him, people's heads exploded everywhere.
Lee Hyekyung, Jeong Hancheol, Ji Hyungdong.......
The characters' heads were disappearing one by one, as if they had never existed in the first
place.
I staggered toward Kim Cheolyang.
Looking at the empty space where Kim Cheolyang's head used to be, I tried to recall his face,
which was already hard to remember.
But I couldn't.
Because I never described their faces.
They were not used in 'Omniscient Reader'.
People who were set up in advance, but never found a home, and remained just as settings.
「Cult of Life.」
In the setting, the 'Cult of Life' was a cult that recognized only those they designated as 'life', and
slaughtered everyone else.
Lee Hyekyung, Jeong Hancheol, and Ji Hyungdong...... The same was true for everyone in this
story.
「The people in this zone become part of the 'Cult of Live' in every round that they survive.」
Those who have not been recorded will never be recorded.
They will remain a 'setting' here, unread by anyone.
「Just because someone designed them to be evil.」
I looked over to see reader ahjussi mouth open in disbelief. The scenery of Geumho Station was
imprinted in his eyes.
Looking at him, I thought.
I was being thought.
「I want to write a novel.」
The blood that spilled covered the entire station like spilled ink.
Everywhere I looked, there was no one left alive but us.

Slowly, my legs became weak.
The reader ahjussi muttered in disbelief.
"How can this......."
"......."
"You were trying to save those people, right......?"
I answered after a pause.
"Yes."
In truth, halfway through, Operation Germ had been doomed to failure.
No matter how I thought about it, there was no way the constellations would find this
development amusing.
Still, I didn't let them know.
With that, Kim Cheolyang, the Cult of Life members, and Lee Cheoldoo didn't appear in the
story.
I don't know about the rest of the world, but the history of Geumho Station won't be much
different from the main story.
「There is only one survivor in this area.」
I looked up at the ceiling. In a blinding flash of light, Bihyung looked down at me. His
expression was one of genuine admiration.
Looking into the dokkaebi's story-drunk eyes, I muttered a classic Yoo Joonghyuk line.
"Fuck the Star Stream."
I knew what was about to happen to me.
I could feel the blood trickling down the back of my head.
[The will of the <Star Stream> is looking at you.]
This goddamned world, which only shows what the constellations want, is so contrived in
directing.
That's why my head will explote after everyone else's.
[A few constellations are looking at you.]
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is looking at you with amusement.]
I tried to ease the rising terror of death.
I'm not scared. When I die, even this fear will be gone anyway.
I looked at reader ahjussi one last time.
"Ahjussi."

His hands shook as if he knew what was about to happen to me. Tears pooled in his eyes.
"Oh, no, mate. No."
I wanted to survive, at least until I met Kim Dokja, until I saw the hero of my story.
But maybe.
"Make sure you live to see the end."
Maybe I already have.
I prayed that he would live long enough to see the end of this story.
I felt something drain from my head, and then a pure white darkness washed over me.
In my final moments, I thought about how this scene would be written if it were a novel.
What would the reader say about my death, you might wonder as well.
They'd think I deserved to die.
I could think of any number of reasons why I deserved to die.
For not killing the first bug I caught.
For failing to take more control of the situation.
For having faltering sympathy for the characters I created.
......
Because the story is Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.
No matter how many reasons I listed, there were enough reasons to die.
I'm dying because I haven't proven my worth.
That's why I was surprised.
Why.
I'm not dead yet, am I?
*
rlaehrwk37: Looking forward to the next chapter.
*
I snapped out of it.
I wiped the blood dripping from my head. It was a cut I got from Lee Cheoldoo earlier. Luckily,
it wasn't too deep.
My mind became clear again. My breathing and pulse were normal.
「I'm not dead.」

Why the hell?
[You have cleared the first scenario.]
I looked down at my bloody palms.
I hadn't killed a bug.
The bacteria were not recognized as living beings.
But how.
[You have slaughtered a total of 19 creatures.]
[Slaughter story: 19 human beings.]
[You have earned 1,900 coins.]
[You succeeded in killing in a unique way that no one has ever attempted before.]
[A few constellations marvel at your killing strategy.]
When I turned my head, I saw ahjussi's face, and as if in disbelief, he was crying and holding my
hand.
As I looked at him, I realized what had happened to me.
[The <Star Stream> has acknowledged your unique way of killing.]
[You incited people with false information, only for them to 'kill themselves'.]
.
.
.
[The Bureau has given you limited recognition for your way of killing.]
[The Bureau has named your way of killing as 'demagogy killing'.]
.
.
.
[Some constellations have sponsored you for the new scenario you have shown.]
[4,000 coins have been earned.]
[You have accomplised a non-existent achievement.]
[You have accomplished the 'Demagoge Killer' achievement for a phenomenal slaughter.]
I turned my head and saw my reflection in the screen door.
He was asking.
「Did you really not see this coming?」
Kim Cheolyang, the member of the 10 Evils who existed only in the setting, did not survive at
Geumho Station because of this man.
I knew who he was now.
He was the owner of Geumho Station before Kim Dokja came.
A man who freely used propaganda, manipulated people, and formed a 'group' in the shortest

amount of time.
An incarnation that had survived some rounds of 'Ways of Survival' and ascended to the top of
the Ten Evils.
The reason why this man is a character with narrow eyes that I have never saw before.
It was because I never described his appearance.
Because this character...
「"I love them all, except for guys like......."」
Because he was the only one of the many characters in the whole Omniscient Reader that I didn't
like.
I heard the sound of a drum being torn from somewhere, and the lights flickered harshly. I heard
the sound of something creaking and crumbling.
I could tell by the sound alone.
[Main Scenario #1 — Proof of Value has ended.]
It was the sound of reality as we knew it crumbling.
[300 coins have been acquired as a basic clearence reward.]
[100 coins have been reduced for the channel usage fee.]
[Additional compensations settlement will begin.]
One episode was ending, and the next was beginning.
[The character you are currently possessing is 'Demagogue Cheon Inho'.]
Author's Note
The side story is starting.

Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (1)
<Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (1)>
Episode 3. Protagonist(?)
*
「When you say 'kill', do you mean I have to kill them myself?」
Although it doesn't appear in Omniscient Reader, there is an incarnation that solved the first
scenario using 'suicide' in 'Ways of Survival'.
Fingersnapper 'Christina Page'.
A former legal hypnosis specialist at the FBI, she solved the first scenario by brainwashing a
criminal she was working with into committing suicide.
'Demagogy Killing.'
The way I was credited was similar.
The characters who believed the misinformation chose to 'take their own lives' because of me,
and I was credited for an 'indirect murder' for causing the mass suicide.
I wondered if such a murder was even possible, but it happened.
[The character you are currently possessing is 'Demagogue Cheon Inho'.]
Perhaps it's because he's the one I'm possessing.
[Your attunement to the character you are currently possessing is too high.]
[Disable some of the possessed character's attributes.]
As I looked down at my bloody hands, I slowly realized what I had done.
If I hadn't possessed Cheon Inho, what would have happened to the people of Geumho Station?
「Wouldn't they have been killed by Cheon Inho the same way anyway?」
If so, was it the writer Lee Hakhyun or the character Cheon Inho who killed them?
In this world, am I a murderer who killed people or a writer who described the death of a
character?
As I breathed in and out, my complicated thoughts quickly subsided.

[The exclusive attribute is activated.]
Now was not the time for moral tension.
I would encounter people like Life Leader Kim Cheolyang many times in the future.
I must continue to live in this world by killing people.
[Compensation settlement is delayed due to an unexpected scenario check. Please wait.]
At least until I figure out the secrets of this world.
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is interested in you.]
[The constellations of the 'absolute evil' system are interested in you.]
[A few constellations are curious about your name.]
I came to my senses as the messages from the constellations began in earnest.
[The constellations of the 'absolute evil' system are backing you.]
[Constellations have sponsored you 300 coins.]
I had the attention of the constellations of the 'absolute evil' system.
Apparently, they had interpreted my 'demagogy killing' in a malicious way.
This did not bode well.
This will make it harder for me to get sponsorship from the constellations of the 'absolute good'
system.
[The constellations of the 'absolute good' system are shocked by the local tragedy.]
[The constellations of the 'absolute good' system are moved by your heroism.]
Huh?
[The constellations of the 'absolute good' system are impressed by your good intentions in trying
to save everyone.]
[Constellations have sponsored you 300 coins.]
[The constellations of the 'absolute evil' system are questioning what the hell are they talking
about.]
Everyone seems to have their own interpretation of this.
"Hey...... are you all right?"
I turned my head to see the worried-looking reader ahjussi.
"Uh, yeah. And you?"
"I'm fine. I hope so."
The reader ahjussi's face was still white. It would be even stranger if he was still sane under the

circumstances.
I stiffly bowed my head in greeting.
"Thank you for earlier. You saved my life."
Honestly, the credit should go to him, not me.
He fought against the Cheoldoo Group's boss to save me with a physique that was at least as
good as Kim Dokja's.
[The constellations of the 'absolute good' system's eyes are shining.]
However, he was actually embarrassed.
"No, rather, I am owe you. If you hadn't saved me, I would be lying there too, but...... the germs
worked for you?"
Ahjussi still doesn't know that I 'demagogy killed' the people of Geumho Station.
I thought about just being honest, but I figured it was probably better not to.
"I don't know either, they also killed germs together......."
"Maybe only your germs died? Although I don't know if that's possible......."
He seemed to conclude that was the only answer. Instead of answering him, I looked toward the
bodies.
He interpreted my silence and he quickly added.
"It's not your fault, you did the best you could."
The reader ahjussi let out a small sigh, looked at me with a pitying look on his face, and then
looked back at the dead people and muttered.
"Honestly..... they didn't seem to be good people."
I felt guilty for trying to deceive a naive middle-aged man, but I thought it was better than telling
him the truth.
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' admires your wickedness.]
[The constellation 'Woman Who Pours Water into a Bottomless Pit' is touched by your heart.]
Which character does this ahjussi possess, anyway?
Given his unfamiliar appearance, I'm pretty sure he's an extra.
Come to think of it, I have the skill to figure it out.
[The information of this person can't be read in 'Character List'.]
[This person is a 'character' but not a 'character'.]

I see what the situation is.
This man's body is a character, but the man's spirit that's possessing it is not.
[The exclusive skill has been activated.]
It was then that a strange message popped up.
[The exclusive skill 'Readers' Comments List' has been activated.]
Readers' Comments List?
[Do you want to use 'Readers' Comments List' in this person?]
I nodded tentatively.
[Checking the reader's profile information.]
+
ID: wldbsdldkQk80
Platform: Textia
Total Comments : 32
Reader level : 16
+
* You can use coins to view the comments written by this reader.
* Number of comments currently available for free: 3.
+
No, I can see this?
I looked at the sorrowful ahjussi's profile.
Should I see just one?
+
Jiyoon-ah, are you reading a novel in your room again?
—(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, Chapter 1)
+
Ahjussi's first comment immediately came to my mind.
The story about having a daughter must be true.
Just one more.

+
Jiyoon-ah, open the door. I know you're reading the novel.
—(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, Chapter 7)
+
I thought I knew how this ahjussi came to found Omniscient Reader.
I've already seen two, so let's just take a look at the rest.
+
How do I pay for the next episode?
—(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, Chapter 25)
+
[Pay coins to see additional comments.]
For some reason, I felt like I could trust this man.
Feeling unnecessarily apologetic, I held out my hand to him.
"Allow me to introduce myself."
"Okay."
"My name is Cheon Inho."
I could see him flustered by my words.
I pointed a finger at my face and smiled weakly.
"That's his name."
"Oh, I see, that sounds like a name I've heard before......."
He didn't seem to recognize Cheon Inho.
"He's the villain in the beginning, at Geumho Station."
"Oh......!"
"Yeah. That's right, the bad guy."
He had other nicknames, such as 'the one to be teared to death' and 'someone to burn to death
with Hellfire', but I didn't say those.
Ahjussi's face had already turned pale.
"W-what should we do then?"
"It's still early, so there's room for renewal, right? What about you? Who are you?"
"I'm Lee Dansoo...... it says."

That seems to be the name of the person ahjussi's possessing.
Lee Dansoo, Lee Dansoo.
I didn't remember anything off the top of my head.
By the way, if he knows the name of the person he's possessing, can he see his attribute window?
"I'll give you my attributes and skills......."
"Wait, you can't say things like that."
"What? Oh, yeah."
The old man came to his senses as if he had remembered something.
"You sound just like Kim Dokja, hehe."
"Yeah. It's better to act like him right now."
"Did you finish reading 'that novel'?"
"Yes."
Well, technically, I didn't read it, I wrote it.
"Then everyone who read that novel is like us......."
I suddenly realized what he was thinking.
"Don't worry too much. I'm sure they all survived, just like us."
Especially his daughter.
She didn't study, she just read Omniscient Reader, so she 100% survived. The old man smiled
weakly.
"Thank you."
"Shall we call ourselves by the names we just mentioned from now one?"
"All right."
He nodded, his eyes slightly relaxed.
It wasn't like we'd had a conversation where he'd asked me who was my favorite, but I felt like
we'd suddenly formed a plausible bond.
But that was the end of our fraternity.
[Survivors from the areas 3-4 of Geumho Station: Cheon Inho, Lee Dansoo. A total of 2
survivors.]
The system message that had been interrupted began to play again.
[Additional compensation settlement will begin.]
[200 coins have been earned as additional compensation.]
Subsequently, Bihyung appeared out of thin air. I didn't know what it was, but it was a sign that I

had finally solved the first scenario's many problems.
[It's really weird. There were some unusual areas, but none of them solved the scenario in this
way...... I never thought you could to use the <Star Stream>'s 'directing system' in this way.......]
Bihyung looked down at me and grumbled for a while, before smiling wryly and saying.
[Anyway, congratulations, you passed the first scenario with flying colors.]
I already knew what Bihyung was going to say next. Probably the same goes for the man next to
me.
[Now, shouldn't there be a reward for overcoming the hardships? As a reward for the first
escenario, you're entitled the sponsorship of the 'constellations'. Waahhh! How about it? Aren't
you looking forward to it?]
We were about to embark on the first key event of 'Omniscient Reader', the Sponsor Selection.
However, Bihyung scratched his head.
[Hmm, that's weird. You are not surprised nor confused.......]
Of course not, we already knew that.
You'll be just like me after you've said the same line a hundred times.
[If you haven't realized by now, you are incredible weak, and if you are thrown into the scenarios
that will take place.......]
You won't be able to catch a single ground rat.
I know.
Bihyung gave his speech with an expression of bewilderment as he saw me yawning, stopping
only when he heard the constellations' bitter comments.
[A few constellations are tired of Bihyung's explanations.]
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' urges him to get on with it!]
The constellations twinkled above Bihyung's head, which seemed to brighten at first glance.
I wonder how many people have gathered for this <Sponsor Selection>?
[Anyway, the constellations are impatient. Let's get started!]
It was still very early in the story, so I didn't expect any great constellations to come.
There's a possibility that a great constellation like Great Sage, Heaven's Equal or Uriel will
appear to Kim Dokja, but that's only because he was the protagonist.
At best, I'll have the 'Monarch of the Small Fries' or something.
I didn't expect it.
I really didn't expect that much.

But.......
It won't be Great Sage, but...... there could be a good constellation, right?
I had a really hard time.......
And a screen popped up in front of me.
[There are a total of 10 constellations waiting for your choice.]
Author's Note
Doki doki

Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (2)
<Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (2)>
Wait. How many?
+
<Sponsor Selection>
—Please select your sponsor.
—Your chosen sponsor will be your strong supporter.
1. Monarch of the Small Fries
2. Dragon Lying Down
3. Sneaking Schemer
.......
+
I blinked, dumbfounded.
This many people applied to be my sponsor?
Where did they get the word?
[The constellations are awaiting your choice.]
I coudn't tell. I guess we'll have to see who's here first.
There are a lot of people who applied, and they may not be worthy.
First up is the 'Monarch of the Small Fries'.
I expected this one.
In Omniscient Reader, he was the sponsor behind the acting leader on Geumho Station, Bang
Cheolsoo. After the beginning, he disappeared.
In other words, he was not worth considering.
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is glaring at you.]
The second was the 'Dragon Lying Down'.
This one is the Crouching Dragon(臥龍), 'Zhu Ge Kong Ming'. He had excellent stats for a
narrative-grade constellation.

He must have been impressed with my killing strategy, but unfortunately, I didn't plan on
choosing him here.
[The constellation 'Dragon Lying Down' is frowning.]
Next up is...... Huh?
For a moment, I thought I'd misread the modifier.
Third, the 'Sneaking Schemer'.
I thought it was 'Secretive Plotter[1]'.
An imitation?
Thinking about it, I couldn't recall a constellation with this modifier.
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' says he's very strong and you should choose him.]
The way he's talking, he's not even worthy of the modifier. I wonder if he's actually copying the
'Secretive Plotter'.
'Secretive Plotter' is an exceptional case, but as Kim Dokja says, it's unlikely that constellation
with such a poor modifier is a strong one.
+
4. Abyssal Black Flame Dragon
+
I sucked in an involuntary breath.
Who?
[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' came after hearing rumors about you.]
Abyssal Black Flame Dragon.
The guy who was the sponsor behind the Black Flame Demon Ruler Han Sooyoung in
Omniscient Reader, and one of the 'first four' of Bihyung's channel.
It's been a long time since I've seen that modifier.
[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' tells you to decide quickly.]
Now that I think about it, he's been all over Kim Namwoon, Han Sooyoung, Kim Dokja, and
Yoo Joonghyuk before.
Then, does that mean I'm also a main character?
[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' is cancelling his 'Sponsor Application'.]
[The number of options for sponsors has reduced to 9.]

Short-tempered bastard.
I wasn't planning on choosing him anyway, so it wasn't a shame.
There were still six more to go.
+
5. Nail-Eating Rat
+
I suddenly regretted rejecting Black Flame Dragon.
+
6. Primordial Cow
7. Rice Cake-Eating Tiger
+
Not yet.
There are still three more to go.
+
8. Pig Living in a Brick House
9. Dog Who Threw Himself Into the Flames
+
What the hell is going on here?
Don't tell me there's some kind of 'zodiacal pickup only' event.
I closed my eyes, took a light, deep breath, and muttered my own lucky charm.
「I am Kim Dokja.」
I checked the last constellation.
+
10. ???
+
Three question marks?
Can this be a modifier?
Just as I was thinking about it, a lightning bolt flashed in my head and the scene of a dark theater

came to mind.
「"What's the identity of the constellation represented by '???' in Omniscient Reader?"」
Sure enough, the question had come up in <Kim Dokja's Banquet> before.
I knew the answer.
In the entire Omniscient Reader, there was only one constellation with the modifier '???'
He is the highest being who watches over everything in the universe.
He is the sponsor behind the regressor Yoo Joonghyuk, who only covets the next story.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is looking at you.]
The protagonist of 『Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint』.
I looked up at the ceiling with trembling eyes.
「The Oldest Dream.」
*
The entity called "The Oldest Dream" in Omniscient Reader is divided into two.
One is the 'young Kim Dokja' who appears at the beginning of the novel.
The second is the 'adult Kim Dokja', who inherits the modifier in the second half of the novel.
Unless I'm being fooled by a high-level trick, this is clearly the beginning of the novel.
Above all, the presence of Bihyung and 'Daepong Girls' High School' Lee Jihye proved this fact.
If it was after the end of the main story of 'Omniscient Reader', there was no way Bihyung or Lee
Jihye would have appeared like this.
「So, does '???' is the 'young Kim Dokja'?」
Come to think of it, it doesn't make sense.
Throughout the course of 'Omniscient Reader', 'Young Kim Dokja' rarely interfered in the story,
except to regress Yoo Joonghyuk.
He probably doesn't even realize he's a god.
And now he's making me a 'Sponsor Application', a man who doesn't even appear in 'Ways of
Survival'?
Even when he's already Yoo Joonghyuk's sponsor?
「In that case, is '???' the 'adult Kim Dokja'?」
Even if I thought so, it didn't make sense either.
At the end of Omniscient Reader, the 'adult Kim Dokja' had his soul split into molecules and
scattered into the universe.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is awaiting your choice.]

A cold tension radiating down my spine.
"You...... Who are you?"
I ask, not really expecting an answer, but.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is looking at you.]
My breathing stopped, and a chill spread through my body.
With a tsuchuchut, my entire body began to glow blue, followed by a terrible pain as if my spine
was on fire, engulfing my consciousness.
.
.
.
【⬛⬛⬛ ⬛⬛.】
【This is ⬛⬛⬛ playground.】
【You may not intervene in ⬛⬛⬛ story.】
【Even if you ⬛⬛ ⬛⬛⬛ ⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛.】
.
.
.
When I opened my eyes again, ahjussi was shaking me.
"Wake up, mate!"
My body shook helplessly.
I came to my senses with a start.
Blood trickled from my nose.
What the hell? What just happened?
In my daze, ahjussi continued to shake me.
"I think I'm going to throw up......."
"Oh, I'm sorry. I just saw you with white eyes suddenly. What happened with the Sponsor
Selection?"
"Sponsor Selection......?"
[There is 10 seconds left to complete the Sponsor Selection.]
Holy shit.
I quickly looked at the Sponsor Selection window.
And then.

+
9. Dog Who Threw Himself Into the Flames
+
I wondered what had happened.
Apparently, the '10th' option that was visible a moment ago has disappeared.
[There is 5 seconds left to complete the Sponsor Selection.]
I didn't have much time to think.
Should I choose the best constellation or.......
I pondered until the very last second and made my decision.
[Sponsor Selection has ended.]
Apparently, this world is not the 'Omniscient Reader' I knew.
I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but this world was twisted in some important way.
[You haven't selected a sponsor.]
For now, I felt the need to wait and see what would happen. I could always choose a sponsor
again later.
As long as I somehow survived.
"Mate?"
"Yes."
"Did you choose?"
I shook my head.
Dansoo ahjussi shook his head as if agreeing with my response.
"Oh, come to think of it, Kim Dokja......."
"No, no, I couldn't decide, there were a lot of good constellations."
It's a lie, but I had to say it like this.
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' is relieved that was it.]
[The constellation 'Primordial Cow' is relieved.]
[The constellation 'Pig Living in a Brick House' asks to be picked next time.]
[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' nods saying that it can happen.]
By saying it like this, I avoided the criticism of the constellation that made a Sponsor
Application.

[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' accuses you of being pathetic for missing the
opportunity.]
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' is looking at you with narrowed eyes.]
Luckily, that was a good reaction.
"How about you?"
"It was pretty hard for me, too."
"How many constellations applied?"
"Four."
I was honestly surprised.
I mean, he have done some pretty unusual things, but four?
"Did you get any good constellations?"
"There were some names I recognized."
"Who?"
I was a little nervous.
Still, he had done the good deed of saving me, so there was a chance that if he was lucky, a nice
constellation would appear.
Luckily, the Korean Peninsula had a lot of good ones, so even he only got the 'Bald General' or
'King Heungmu', the initial scenarios would be fine.
"That...... 'Commander of the Red Cosmos'."
"Aha, Cosmos......."
I replied nonchalantly, then snapped my head up.
"'Commander of the Red Cosmos'?"
"Yes......."
I couldn't believe my eyes as I looked at the nervous-looking Dansoo ahjussi.
This was because the star he was referring to was a narrative-grade constellation. Commander of
the Red Cosmos.
'Archangel Jophiel' of <Eden>.
A constellation comparable to Uriel, who visited the 1,863rd round's world line with Kim Dokja
and later became the ruler of <Eden>.
With a single blow of Jophiel's stigma, lower-level demons would be destroyed without a trace.
"Is she a great constellation?"
"Yes. She's great."
"Actually, I don't remember much about her...... The novel has a lot of difficult words, and it's
been a while since I read it......."

I asked, trying to calm the slightly quivering corners of my mouth.
"And the second one?"
This time he sounded confident.
"'Goryeo's First Sword'."
I let out a gasp.
Goryeo's First Sword, 'Cheok Jungyeong'.
The so-called 'Swordmaster Cheok', a powerful Korean constellation.
Considering its late-game potential, it wasn't a bad choice instead of a narrative class one.
"Wow, that's awesome. What about the third one?"
At that moment, Dansoo ahjussi's face looked strangely dignified.
The reason was soon revealed.
"The third one was 'God of Wine and Ecstasy'."
I wondered if I had misheard.
"Who?"
"God of Wine and Ecstasy......."
"Really? You're not lying, are you?"
"Why would I lie?"
Ahjussi looked frustrated.
As for me, I wanted to use [Lie Detection.]
No, this doesn't make sense.
Jophiel, Goryeo's First Sword.
And God of Wine and Ecstasy, Dionysus?
Who is Dionysus?
Isn't he one of the twelve gods of the great nebula <Olympus>, and a powerful narrative-grade
constellation that has sided with Kim Dokja since the beginning of Omniscient Reader?
No, why did those constellations appear?
I was happy for him, but I was still a little envious and upset.
"Who was the last one? No way the last one......."
"Well, the last one constellation took me by surprise."
Surprise?
For a moment, I thought about '???'
Did that option come up for him too?

"It's a constellation called 'Sneaking Schemer'."
It turned out to be the Secretive Plotter imitation.
Luckily, that last one wasn't a big deal.
"He came to me, too."
He sounded strangely disappointed.
"May I ask how it was for you?"
"I had about ten of them."
"What, ten?"
"Yeah, well, I didn't get to pick anyone."
"May I ask which ones they were?"
"Well, the Black Flame Dragon and......."
"Black Flame Dragon!"
Dansoo ahjussi nodded, his eyes shining like a child's.
However, no matter how much I thought about it, there was no other constellation worth
mentioning than the Black Flame Dragon.
[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' is frowning.]
I thought for a moment, then decided to do the smart thing and save everyone's pride.
"And a dragon as famous as the Black Flame Dragon."
"That's incredible."
[The constellation 'Dragon Lying Down' is moved by your words and has sponsored you 100
coins.]
"And...... There were a couple of constellation on the level of the Prisoner of the Golden
Headband......."
"On the level of the Prisoner of the Golden Headband......."
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' has sponsored you 100 coins.]
[The constellation 'Primordial Cow' has sponsored you 100 coins.]
[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' has sponsored you 100 coins.]
[The constellation 'Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames' has sponsored you 100 coins.]
The Prisoner of the Golden Headband is a strong monkey.
He doesn't know, but they're probably strong tigers, strong cows, strong rats, and strong dogs, so
I was not entirely wrong.
Seeing them rejoice made me feel good, too.

[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is looking at you in disbelief.]
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is calling out for the 'Prisoner of the Golden
Headband'.]
......No way.
[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' has entered the channel.]
No, wait.
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' has left the channel.]
[The constellation 'Primordial Cow' has left the channel.]
[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' has left the channel.]
[The constellation 'Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames' has left the channel.]
I felt like I could hear Bihyung's scream from somewhere.
[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' asks where they all went.]
[The constellation 'Pig Living in a Brick House' says he didn't see them because he was at home.]
Even as the channel fizzled, Dansoo ahjussi, who was sitting next to me, kept giving me thumbs
up.
"Wow, that's amazing, all those big constellations."
"No, but who did you pick?"
There were three main choices.
Jophiel, Cheok Jungyeong and Dionysus.
All three are amazing constellations, so it was a matter of preference.
No matter who you pick, you're guaranteed a solid foundation for at least until the mid-game
scenarios.
Suddenly, a halo seemed to emanate from Dansoo ahjussi.
Upon closer inspection, he was a bit old, but there was an unmistakable gleam in his eyes.
Moreover, he had read the whole Omniscient Reader.
Wait, this.......
Is he the 'protagonist'?
Just as the protagonist of Omniscient Reader was Kim Dokja, maybe the protagonist of this story
is this ahjussi.
The situation was similar to that of Kim Dokja, as there were three big names attached to him
from the very beginning.
My heart suddenly began to race.
If this ahjussi is the protagonist.......
I thought of the first sentence about Dansoo ahjussi.

"Sometimes I thought to myself. What if I were the main character."
Sure enough, I nodded my head in agreement with the exquise protagonist-like remarks.
"If I were Kim Dokja, who would I have chosen in the first 'Sponsor Selection'?"
In the first <Sponsor Selection> Kim Dokja received a huge love letter from Uriel, the Great
Sage, Heaven's Equal, Black Flame Dragon, and the Secretive Plotter, but he made the mistake
of not choosing anyone.
"I was surprised. I would have picked the strongest one, of course."
"That's usually the case."
Kim Dokja had read the 3,149 chapters of 'Ways of Survival' that had 50,000 characters per
chapter, and since he was a madman who memorized them all, he could survive with that choice.
However, Dansoo ahjussi had only read 551 of the 5,000 characters per chapter 'Omniscient
Reader', and even then, he didn't understand most of them.
"Yes...... I just picked the strongest constellation, as usual."
"I think I know who you picked."
Dansoo ahjussi smiled and nodded.
"Yes. I've forgotten a lot of other things, but I do remember the name of this constellation,
because it's the strongest in the entire novel."
He was suddenly talking a lot, and I felt a little uneasy.
Come to think of it, ahjussi didn't even remember who Cheon Inho was.
"Ahjussi. Sorry to disappoint you, but the 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' is the strong, but
she's not the strongest......."
"I didn't pick the red flower or whatever."
"The 'God of Wine and Ecstasy' is also a narrative-grade. As you know, above the narrative
level, there's the myth level......."
"I don't like alcohol."
I said, quickly scanning my surroundings and lowering my voice.
"Ahjussi, I'm Korean too, so I'm very fond of 'Goryeo's First Sword', but......."
"I'm not such a patriot that I would call Cheok Jungyeong the strongest either."
"Then who the hell did you choose?"
Ahjussi's eyes, which felt like guns, flashed with madness.
"Jiyoon has always said that this constellation is the best in Omniscient Reader. That she'd end
up getting married with him someday."

Marry?
"'A man who endured the tradegy of endless regressions and finally saw the end of this world',
Jiyoon had that on a poster in her room."
I suddenly realized what had happened.
No, no, no.
No way.
There's no way a reader of my novel would get that confused.
But Dansoo ahjussi was smiling confidently, like Kim Dokja who had already broken through
the [Last Wall.]
"I've picked the strongest one, the 'Sneaking Schemer'."
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' is smiling brightly.]
I suddenly began to think that he was like Han Myungoh, who chose 'Lame Trickster'.
[The restriction on this area has been lifted!]
In the distance, I could see men with pipes running toward us.
[The next scenario is about to begin.]
Maybe we'll die before we meet Kim Dokja.
Author's Note
No way!
[1] Sneaking Schemer: 음험한 책략가 (eumheomhan chaeglyagga). Secretive Plotter: 은밀한
모략가 (eunmilhan molyagga).

Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (3)
<Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (3)>
As I watched the men approaching with a fearsome momentum, I suddenly realized that I was in
Omniscient Reader.
This is 'Geumho Station', where a series of horrific murders have taken place.
The men with the pipes were most likely members of the 'Cheoldoo Group', the mainstream
group at Geumho Station.
In a fortunate twist of fate, the original owner of Geumho Station was the character I possesed,
Cheon Inho.
In other words, Cheon Inho became the owner of Geumho Station after he defeated all of those
terrifying men from the Cheoldoo Group.
How the hell did you do it, Cheon Inho?
In the distance, I could see the men checking our area freeze in their tracks, because there was
blood everywhere.
I quickly asked Dansoo ahjussi.
"Ahjussi, did you get a stigma?"
There are two main types of techniques in Omniscient Reader.
One is the 'skill' that the incarnation learns themselves.
The other is the 'stigma', which are powers bestowed by their constellation.
"Uh...... I don't think I can use it yet......."
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' is using a ploy that does not readily lend the stigma to
make the incarnation strong.......]
It was my fault for expecting something.
When I looked up, I saw the figure of Bihyung, who was hurriedly sweet-talking the
constellations.
[Oh my. How did this person end up on my channel.......]
[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is picking his ears as if it's a nuisance.]
[By the way, if you do something like that, the other constellations will.......]
This was the first meeting between the Great Sage, Heaven's Equal and Bihyung.

I decided to try to win Bihyung, because if I was going to make it through the scenario ahead,
cunning cooperation with that crazed monster was essential.
'Dokkaebi communication.'
[Activating the 'dokkaebi communication'.]
'Bihyung. I have something to tell you.'
Fortunately, Bihyung accepted the dokkaebi communication.
—What is it? How did you know how to connect the dokkaebi communication?
You forced me to use it when you caught the bug earlier.
I said, hiding my true intentions.
'I want to make a deal with you.'
Bihyung narrowed his eyes as if he were dumbfounded by my out-of-the-blue proposal.
—A deal?
'Yes. A deal.'
Bihyung was speechless for a moment. How many more seconds passed like that?
—Cocky bastard, you're lucky I didn't blow your brains out right now.
He had a hint of amusement in his voice. I answered casually.
'If you do that, you'll lose all the subscribers of your channel, and I think you've already lost a
few.'
—What. What?
Bihyung won't be able to kill me now, because I've gradually gotten some constellations
interested in me.
I took the risk of attracting the attention of the constellations to take advantage of this.
'Hear what I have to say first, what I'd like to propose is.......'
—Do you also want a 'stream contract'?
I paused, then asked back.
'What are you talking about?'

—Hmm? I guess you don't. I've got a couple of kids who keep asking me for that, saying they
were going to make me the Dokkaebi King or something.
Suddenly, I felt a headache.
It was obvious who the requesters were.
'So what did you do?'
—Naturally, I refused. There were a lot of strange children, suddenly showing themselves
catching ichthyosaurs, asking me to open the Dokkaebi Bag...... They think they're my friends.
Oh, dear readers.
'Why didn't you do it?'
—Do you think I'm crazy?
If this was the original story, and there was only one otherworldly reader, we wouldn't have this
problem.
Kim Dokja was the only reader, and his every action was bound to attract the attention of
Bihyung.
But not anymore.
Besides Dansoo ahjussi, there will be other people who cleared the scenario before the 'bug'
maneuver is blocked, and there will be other readers who will try to use the same hidden pieces
that Kim Dokja used.
Too many readers start doing the same thing, so Bihyung has become wary of them.
......What on earth happened to the real Kim Dokja?
I sighed and opened my mouth.
'Actually, I was going to ask you to sign a stream contract.'
—I'm leaving.
'I'll give you a 7:3 ratio. That's the industry's default settlement ratio.'
I didn't hear the communication go off, which meant that Bihyung was still listening to me.
I poured out my cards one after another.
'I know that a contract between an incarnation and a streamer dokkaebi is not against the rules,
and I'll do my best not to let anyone find out.'
'Throughout the contract period, I will not cooperate with other dokkaebi channels without your

permission, and I will refrain from any personal behavior that might offend the constellations.'
'During the contract period, until my death, I will not accept any sponsor contracts.'
If this was a publishing contract, I would never have done this.
But now I had no choice.
I have to live.
Bihyung, who was listening to me, asked.
—You, what do you know?
'I know a few things.'
—The other guys wanted me to do it for 10:0 ratio, and I'd only get the commission.
'They must not know much about the industry. It's a tough job, being a babysitter. Reacting to the
Executive Branch dokkaebis, collecting the back coins when there's a probability request, and
how much jealousy there is among the low-level dokkaebi.'
—You...... Are you a dokkaebi?
'I know your industry well.'
Ji Eunyoo used to say similar things when she was complaining about management.
—I-I won't sing a <Stream Constract> with you. How can I trust a guy who's barely cleared the
first scenario.......
I wondered if it was an illusion, but Bihyung's voice was a bit more gentle. It's time to push in.
'But I cleared it in an pretty unique way.'
—It was just luck.
'The sub scenario will start soon, so you can keep an eye on it this time as well.'
—You..... How do you know that? Are you a reincarnator?
Come to think of it, there were reincarnators in Omniscient Reader. I wrote it, but it's a
convenient setting.
I shrugged it off.
'Something like that. Anyway, open the sub scenario. It seems like people is coming just in time.'
The pipe men, who had been watching for a while, decided to come up to this side as if they had
decided it was worth it.

[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is amused.]
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is telling 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' to
watch because something funny will happen.]
Bihyung, who had overruled the constellation's rebellion, began to prepare a scenario.
—First of all, I'll see how you do it.
'I won't be waiting too long. Honestly, you're not the only dokkaebi.'
The tendons in Bihyung's head twitched, but I couldn't be bothered to pay attention to him now.
"Hey, you over there."
The pipe men were just around the corner. By the looks of them, these guys are no slouches.
"What?"
"What? Look at this."
In response, a man who looked like the leader stepped forward.
This...... I think I know who he is.
I immediately used [Character List].
+
<Character Summary>
Name: Bang Cheolsoo
Age: 34 years old
Sponsor: Monarch of the Small Fries
Exclusive Attributes: Assault Force Captain (General)
Exclusive Skills: [Dogfight Lv.2], [Bluff Lv.2]
Stigma: [Threaten Lv. 1]
Overall Stats: [Physique Lv.5], [Strength Lv.6], [Agility Lv.5], [Magic Power Lv.2]
Overall Evaluation: A common small fry who was lucky to obtain a sponsor. He's just finished
the first scenario and is feeling pretty pumped up.
+
Wow, it's really Bang Cheolsoo.
Who is Bang Cheolsoo...... Anyway, he's the guy who gets beaten to death by Kim Dokja at
Geumho Station.
His stats seem to be lower than when Kim Dokja first met him.
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is getting excited.]
[The second scenario has arrived!]

"Hyung-nim. Did you get a message?"
"Ah, it looks like a similar message to the one from earlier."
The men from the Cheoldoo Group, still unfamiliar with the scenario, hesitated.
I checked the scenario.
+
<Sub Scenario - Domination>
Category: Sub
Difficulty: D
Clead Conditions: Control Geumho Station and become the leader of the area. The scenario ends
when more than half of the people recognize you as the leader.
Time Limit: 4 hours
Reward: 500 coins
Failure: —
+
This is what happened here.
Originally, Kim Dokja was also performing the sub scenario 'Escape' at this time, so it's not
strange.
Is this what Cheon Inho was doing?
Bang Cheolsoo sneered and said.
"It's going to be easy this time, take care of the two guys in front."
The shielding of the area had finally been lifted, and in the distance, I could see people snooping
around this way.
"Everybody move. Walk carefully."
Blood spattered on the aprons of the approaching men. Presumably, these guys killed everyone
and survived the first scenario.
Dansoo ahjussi got tense next to me. He's a reliable ahjussi, not running away even at times like
this.
But this time, it was enough with me alone.
No, I have to do this alone.
"Mate?"
"Leave it to me."
The scenario is still very much up in the air.
Even if I didn't necessarily have a good constellation, I wasn't completely out of the fight.

Especially if, like me, you had a lot of support in the first scenario.
[2,700 coins have been invested into 'strength'.]
[Strength Lv.1 → Strength Lv.10]
[Your strength level has increased dramatically!]
I expected it, but I was still surprised.
My stats were really level 1.
[900 coins have been invested into 'physique'.]
[Physique Lv.1 → Physique Lv.4]
This was also level 1.
Cheon Inho, how the hell did you become the leader of Geumho Station?
[900 coins have been invested into 'agility'.]
[Agility Lv.1 → Agility Lv.4]
Still, this will work for now.
I left aside some coins just in case.
[Coins Possessed: 2,900 C]
In the meantime, a small fry leapt forward swinging his pipe at me.
"Look out, asshole!"
I couldn't spread more my narrow eyes.
I caught the flying pipe with my hand. There was a little pain in my grip, but I managed to snatch
the man's pipe away without much difficulty.
"Huh?"
As I watched the panicked man blink stupidly, I gripped the pipe with both hands. The feel of the
hard pipe was vivid against my palms.
Normally, I wouldn't have been able to do it, but for Lee Hakhyun now...... No, for Cheon Inho it
was no problem.
Kutututuk!
The man's eyes widened as he watched the pipe magically break.
"T-this strength?"
The stat level in 'Omniscient Reader' increases dramatically in units of 10.
This is the power of Strength Lv.10.

I casually tossed the bent pipe to the ground and walked forward.
The panicked Cheoldoo group stumbled backwards.
"Moderation, Bang Cheolsoo."
Bang Cheolsoo's eyes widened in surprise.
"How—"
"It doesn't matter how I know your name."
I said, lightly skimming over the bloodied station.
"The only survivors of this section are me and that man. It's not like we're a bunch of guys with
pipes. You know what that means, and you still attack us?"
"T-that—"
"Are you really stupid, or are you pretending to be stupid?"
My strength was at level 10, and my physique and agility were barely above rock bottom. If
there was a real group fight, I'd have to spend extra coins.
Biting his lip, Bang Cheolsoo glared at me.
"I see there's a part of you that trusts me, and I'll make sure you know you've met the right man
today."
Again, it didn't go over so simply. After all, he had to save face in front of his subordinates.
[The character 'Bang Cheolsoo' has used 'Bluff Lv.2'!]
[Your confidence plummets due to the effect of 'Bluff'.]
Being glared at with such a fearsome face, my heart was pounding. I realized that [Bluff] was a
great skill. I would have been fine I had a [Fourth Wall] like Kim Dokja, but I didn't.
Of course, that didn't mean I didn't have the means to fight back.
I faced Bang Cheolsoo, hiding my trembling heart.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.2' has been activated!]
There was many different ways to use [Incite], Cheon Inho's exclusive skill. The basic ability, of
course, is to literally impulse others with words.
However,
[Select a target to incite.]
What if the target weren't 'others'?
「I am Yoo Joonghyuk.」

I will incite myself from now on.
Author's Note
We are Singshong

Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (4)
<Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (4)>

There is an immutable law that those worthy know.
「A man with narrow eyes is stronger when he opens his eyes.」
I squeezed both eyes. Slowly, my eyelids rose.
「I am Yoo Joonghyuk.」
['Incite' is effective.]
Little by little, I began to have strange thoughts.
Maybe I really am Yoo Joonghyuk?
['Incite' is in full effect.]
Suddenly, I felt skeptical of everything I was about to do. I don't know why, but I also felt like
finding and killing Kim Dokja.
「No, you can't be that Yoo Joonghyuk.」
[The effect of 'Incite' is being adjusted.]
I (lightly) became Yoo Joonghyuk.
Bang Cheolsoo's eyes widened as he met mine.
"Did you really think that Bluff would work?"
It was my voice, but it suddenly sounded cool.
This is how Yoo Joonghyuk feels.
Bang Cheolsoo's [Bluff] didn't even tickle him.
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' feels a bizarre fear from you.]
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' looks at you as if they're offended.]
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is looking at you with strange eyes.]
It seems to have worked, as even the constellations were surprised.

Bang Cheolsoo was visibly flustered when his [Bluff] didn't work, and he clenched his knuckled
fists tightly.
[The character 'Bang Cheolsoo' has used 'Threaten'.]
[For some unknown reason, 'Threaten' doesn't work on you.]
Finally, a bead of sweat formed on his forehead.
"You're a very strong man."
Even without the [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint], I could see through him.
「If you get caught here, you're done for.」
Shall I just end it here?
I'm comfortable with killing all of these guys.
A cursory glance tells me there aren't any other possessed here.
But for some reason, I don't like the idea.
No one likes to kill.
I tried saying this.
"Lee Cheoldoo said he doesn't want you to waste your life in vain."
"How do you know about him?"
"I've heard a lot about you from Cheoldoo."
At my words, Dansoo ahjussi looked at me in surprise.
Bang Cheolsoo looked confused.
"You......."
"I accompanied him to Geumho Station. He said he would introduce me to you."
"I-I didn't hear anything like that from Cheoldoo hyung-nim."
"When did he report such things to you one by one?"
"Cheoldoo hyung-nim...... Where is he?"
Bang Cheolsoo's words suddenly became polite. It was evidence that he was shaking.
Instead of answering, I looked theatrically to my left, where the headless body of Lee Cheoldoo
lay.
"I'm sorry."
Bang Cheolsoo staggered toward Lee Cheoldoo's body.
"It was a fitting end for him. He died fighting."
"With whom—"
"Revenge."

At the end of my gaze, the body of the Life Leader stretched out before me.
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is watching your story with interest.]
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Samll Fries' likes the sudden noir.]
Bang Cheolsoo stared at me blankly, then bit his lip tightly.
"How can I believe that?"
"It is your freedom to believe it or not."
"If you're the one who sent Cheoldoo hyung-nim to.......!"
"If you are going to do it, then take revenge on me right now."
Bang Cheolsoo stood up, glaring at me with red eyes.
However, it didn't seem like the behavior of someone who was really motivated.
[The character 'Bang Cheolsoo' is looking at you.]
[The character 'Bang Cheolsoo' wants to do something unexpected.]
[The activation condition for the exclusive skill '□□' has been met.]
I see.
I think I know a little bit about this skill's activation condition now.
[The exclusive skill '□□' is activated.]
The scenery around me turned colorless, and the people began to stiffen.
As I look at the letters floating around, I realize that it's time to create once again.
[The character 'Bang Cheolsoo's attribute is preparing to bloom.]
[You can interfere with character 'Bang Cheolsoo's attribute blooming.]
[Due to the character's low potential, the attribute cannot bloom with a single modification.]
Bang Cheolsoo can't be like Kim Cheolyang.
However, Life Leader Kim Cheolyang was originally part of the Ten Evils and also possessed
the attribute of the Crouching Figure.
Bang Cheolsoo, on the other hand, is just an ordinary junkie.
But when the system says it like that, it makes me wonder.
It might be the author's arrogance.
In <Star Stream>, how far can an ordinary extra villain really change?
[You have entered the 'Snowfield'.]
[Describe the next action of 'Bang Cheolsoo'.]
+
# Bang Cheolsoo's Change of Heart

「Bang Cheolsoo, Assault Force Leader of the Cheoldoo Group, □□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□
□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□」
* At your current skill level, you can write a total of 160 additional characters.
+
160 characters.
I could write 10 more characters than last time.
[You can stay in the 'Snowfield' for a total of 3 minutes.]
This is definitely better than last time.
Because I now know a little bit about this skill.
First of all, this skill can't reproduce 'ridiculous' changes in reality.
For example, a character can't suddenly awaken memories of a previous life as a martial arts
master and become your loyal servant.
You're more likely to succeed if you describe a behavior that matches the character's desires.
From the message I received before, it seems that I can make additional changes as I accumulate
probability.
[Current Accumulated Probability: 10]
[You can increase the reproduction success rate by getting more probability.]
I don't think I'll be able to make much of a difference with this amount.
I'll write for now.
I painstakingly crammed in a sentence of about 160 characters.
[This story's reproduction success rate is 88%.]
[There's enough probability.]
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
Come to think of it, there was this function too.
KimDokja37 or something replies.
I wonder if he's the real Kim Dokja?
Then what's the number 37?
'Yes.'
+
rlaehrwk37: I hear the sound of Bang Cheolsoo's washing machine running.
rlaehrwk61: Well, he hasn't really started being an asshole yet.
+

There was another Kim Dokja?
Anyway, judging by the reactions, it didn't seem like this development would cause any serious
problems.
[Successfully recreating the scene.]
[Leaving the 'Snowfield'.]
The letters disappeared into thin air, and the story began again.
I sucked in a breath and spat out the words.
"Life's boring....... Don't you think so?"
「Bang Cheolsoo listened to the words in a daze.」
"......."
「Bang Cheolsoo, the Assault Force Captain of the Cheoldoo Group. He had always despaired
over this world. Long before the scenario began, his world was doomed.」
Extras also have their own stories. No matter how inscrutable and mundane it was.
"How long are you going to live as the Assault Force Captain of the Cheoldoo Group?"
"What? What do you know—"
"The world has changed. It's not the one you've always resented, and it's time for the likes of you
to make peace with the past."
"......."
"You have a choice. You can follow me, or you can continue to live your pathetic little life."
Bang Cheolsoo's eyes shook faintly.
1,863 regressions.
Throughout Yoo Joonghyuk's regressions in Ways of Survival, Bang Cheolsoo was always the
Assault Force Captain of Cheoldoo Group.
He lived as the Assault Force Captain and died as the Assault Force Captain.
He was not given a moment to think about the value or dignity of life.
He should not have been rehabilitated. He should not have been rehabilitated, he had to be
pointed out by people and become a trophy for the protagonist to shine.
Hence, this sentence I wrote.
「Do I still have a choice?」
It was a possibility granted to the fabricated villain.
「Could he be my cause?」
Bang Cheolsoo, his mind made up, stood up and said.

"Prove it to me."
Bang Cheolsoo charged at me, fists pumping. It was a desperate move, like he was throwing his
life away.
But he didn't mean it.
He had made a choice.
Peoeog!
I threw a light punch to the face of the running man.
Bang Cheolsoo let out an exaggerated scream and fell to the ground.
I hadn't hit him that hard, but he was clever.
"H-hyung-nim!"
As the panicked Cheoldoo Group raised their pipes indignantly toward me, Bang Cheolsoo
raised his left hand to wipe his nose.
"Stop."
He looked at me for a long moment, then opened his mouth as if he had been bound by the
punch.
"Now that Cheoldoo hyung-nim is dead, I am the acting leader of the Cheoldoo Group. I decide
who to follow. Do you all have any complaints?"
"W-we have no complaints."
「I wonder why. For the first time, Bang Cheolsoo felt like he was a 'supporting character' instead
of an 'extra'.」
Until now, he was just an extra who lived a few sentences. If the writer wanted him to die, he
died, and if he wanted him to live, he lived.
But today, he used his imagination to think about the future.
[The character 'Bang Cheolsoo' has a faint sense of trust in you.]
[The character 'Bang Cheolsoo' is showing signs of slight evolution.]
Bang Cheolsoo stretched out his hand toward me and asked.
"What's your name?"
I replied, helping such a Bang Cheolsoo to his feet.
"Cheon Inho."
*

[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' finds your handling of the situation
interesting.]
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is impressed by the hot noir you showed.]
Monarch of the Small Fries, that bastard was like that in the main story, I don't know what he's
thinking. The incarnation he was raising was given to me, and he's still talking nonsense.
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' is sulking because his incarnation has not been
seriously injured.]
I glanced at Bang Cheolsoo, who was leading the way, and hit him in the back of the head.
"Why, why did you do that?"
"There was a bug."
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' has sponsored you 100 coins.]
Bang Cheolsoo glanced at me with trembling eyes, then began to lead me two steps ahead.
"There should be a group of people over there."
[There are currently eleven people in Geumho Station who support you.]
I've got the 10 people from the Cheoldoo Group on my side.
This rate was not bad.
It was then that Dansoo ahjussi, who was walking beside me, cautiously asked.
"You're not really Chen Inho, are you?"
I smiled and replied.
"I am, for now."
Dansoo ahjussi sighed lightly at my joke.
He looked at the Cheoldoo Group walking ahead of us and asked in a low voice.
"Will it be all right? You know how those guys are like."
"Earlier, you asked me if I would let everyone die."
"But those guys are......."
I understood what he meant.
I know what the Cheoldoo Group is like. They are the ones who will commit the most heinous
crimes in the future.
The reason I spared them is simple.

「If you're going to use them the same way, there's no point in using them at all.」
"I'm just using them. We need to collect them quickly to reduce unnecessary disturbances at
Geumho Station. If they're going to be enemies, it's easier to keep them under control than to
fight them."
"There they are......."
Looking at Dansoo ahjussi nodding his head in understanding, I suddenly remembered a reader's
comment.
—So he got beaten to death at Geumho Station every time Yoo Joonghyuk regressed?
I looked at the back of Bang Cheolsoo's head, which looked a bit grim, and shook my head.
Forget it. Now is not the time for such complicated thoughts.
If Kim Dokja and the other main characters survived the first scenario, they will come to
Geumho Station.
If Kim Dokja was eaten by the ichtyosaur like in Omniscient Reader, it would be the group and
Yoo Joonghyuk that would arrive here first.
If we wanted to give him a good impression, we'd need to turn this Cheoldoo Group bastards in
the guards of Geumho Station.
Bang Cheolsoo stopped walking.
"We're here."
The survivors of the first scenario gathered in the stairwell.
I took a deep breath and studied their faces, one by one.
This is where my 'rehabilitation project' comes into play.
Even though Cheon Inho was a trashy demagogue villain in the original Omniscient Reader, he
needed to be reformed into a proper human being here.
Okay, I've decided it. First, let's take over Geumho Station.
Next, let's be Yoo Joonghyuk's subordinate.
And then, when Yoo Joonghyuk has had enough of being a sunfish, we'll become Kim Dokja's
men.
"Do you understand unni? Be careful of that man."
The voice came from nowhere, and I reflexively turned around to see a very familiar face.
It was her.
She was at Geumho Station.
But I hadn't expected her to be the first <Kim Dokja's Company> member I encountered.
I ran toward her with excitement.
She is the first sword of the Demon King of Salvation Kim Dokja, and the guardian of <Kim
Dokja's Company>.
Protected by the archangel Uriel, she is one of the strongest characters in Omniscient Reader.

Jung Heewon, the Judge of Destruction.
After catching my gaze, Jung Heewon looked back at me from afar. I greeted her first.
"Hello!"
"Oh, yeah...... Hi."
Jung Heewon acknowledged my greeting with a faint smile.
She must have nerves of steel to be able to smile like that even though she had just performed the
first scenario.
"Which section are you from?"
"Oh, we're in the 3-4."
"You have...... Did something similar happen there?"
"Yes."
Checking my bloody apron, Jung Heewon looked slightly wary.
Just in time, Dansoo ahjussi approached.
"My friend and I didn't kill people, we killed other creatures."
"Oh, really? Actually, I also......."
Jung Heewon stopped talking at that point, glancing around her.
But I realized something was wrong.
「Jung Heewon didn't kill people?」
It couldn't be. In the main story, she must have cleared the scenario normally.
How the hell did she—?
"Excuse me, what's your name? I'm Jung Heewon."
"I'm Cheon Inho."
For some reason, the moment she heard my name, her face hardened.
As she looked at me with her cold eyes, I suddenly remembered something.
In the main part of Omniscient Reader, Jung Heewon killed Cheon Inho by stabbing him through
the head at Geumho Station.
As I was touching the top of my head with a chill, Jung Heewon, who had taken a few steps
away from me, spoke to someone.
"He showed up just like you said."
"Already? Where?"
"That guy. But is he the real deal?"
"Wow, he looks the part. Wouldn't you know it by looking at him?"
"Umm, I'm not sure."

Looking closer, there was a girl about a foot shorter than Jung Heewon clinging to her side.
"Get a hold of yourself, unni, you shouldn't trust him. What did I say about him earlier? Tell
me."
Jung Heewon nodded and replied.
"Bad guy. The guy to be teared to death. Someone to burn to death with Hellfire."
......Where did I hear that before?
Author's Note
Thanks.

Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (5)
< Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (5) >
"That's right, that's him!"
I activated the skill toward the girl who was confidently gossiping about me to Jung Heewon.
[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated!]
[The information of this person can't be read in 'Character List'.]
[This person is a 'character' but not a 'character'.]
Oh well.
Then I'll use this.
[Do you want to use 'Reader's Comments List' in this person?]
'Yes.'
['Readers' Comments List' skill level has increased to show the number of upvotes and
downvotes for each comment.]
['Readers' Comments List' proficiency level has increased, it will display the 'Number of reads'
item now.]
This is only my second time using it and the proficiency has already increased?
I should use this more often.
+
ID: alsdn0905
Platform: Sirius
Total Comments: 168
Reader level: 38
Number of reads: 1.8 times
* You can use coins to view the comments written by this reader.
* Number of comments currently available for free: 3.
+
This was the second reader I met after Dansoo ahjussi.
Since the 'number of reads' count is 1.8, I'm guessing she read the entire Omniscient Reader at
least once.

Was she actually a good person?
Let's see what she commented.
+
I like Jung Heewon
ᅳUpvotes 3 / Downvotes 1
ᅳ(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, chapter 18)
+
Mmm.......
+
From today on, I will do 100 push-ups, 100 squats, and run 10 kilometers every day to become a
man worthy of Heewon-nim
ᅳUpvotes 0 Downvotes 5
ᅳ(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, chapter 25)
+
I'm confused as to whether this is serious or an expression.
+
Heewon-nim... I love you... Seriously... I love you as much as 3000 squats...
—Upvotes 2 Downvotes 8
—(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, chapter 107)
+
Man, the number of downvotes just keep increasing.
[Pay coins to see additional comments.]
[Pay 100 coins to see an additional comment.]
......Shall I see just one more?
+
I can do the same as Lee Hyunsung
—Upvotes 0 Downvotes 12
—(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, chapter 139)
+

I thought about what happened in chapter 139.
Chapter 139 is around episode 27.
It was probably when Nirvana came out, about when Jung Heewon was going on a rampage after
being infected with Thought Infection. Was it the scene where Lee Hyunsung threw his whole
body to stop Jung Hee Won's runaway?
Dansoo ahjussi asked.
"That little girl is like us...... right?"
"I think so."
I decided to contact her fisrt.
However, as I approached, the girl started screaming.
"Uwaak! Help!"
"Excuse me."
"He's going to kill me, and even if he doesn't, he's going to do something bad anyway!"
I was about to say that there's no way I'd do such a thing, but then I remembered that I was
Cheon Inho.
I held my hands up lightly, signaling that I meant no offense.
"No, I was just saying hello......."
As I was saying that, Bang Cheolsoo, who had popped up from the side, shouted.
"Listen up! From now on, our Cheoldoo Group will occupy Geumho Station! Drop everything
you're carrying and head over there—"
I punched Bang Cheolsoo in the back of the head with all my might.
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' has sponsored you 100 coins.]
After backing down Bang Cheolsoo, who looked back at me in frustration, I looked at the girl
again.
"I'm not a bad person, you seem to misunderstand something."
"Don't come, you villain!"
"She's telling you not to come."
Jung Heewon's voice was determined as she hid the girl behind her.
The girl poked her head over Jung Heewon's shoulder and looked at me with a pleased face.
So that's how it is.
I sighed lightly and said.
"It can't be helped, so let's just talk like this."

Jung Heewon looked back and forth between me and the girl, then asked her.
"Is that okay?"
The girl looked at Jung Heewon in confusion, and Jung Heewon looked back at me.
"She's scared, you can talk to her another time."
"I have no intention of threatening her, and if I do, Jung Heewon-ssi can stop me."
I called for Bang Cheolsoo and was given a pipe. Just when Jung Heewon's expression hardened
as if she thought I had finally shown my true colors, I handed the pipe to her.
"If you see me threatening her, hit me over the head with this."
"What?"
"Hard."
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries's eyes are shining.]
Jung Heewon stared down at the pipe she had been given, then said in a bewildered voice.
"I don't intend to go that far."
"Then let's get started."
I cleared my throat with a hmm, and began to speak in a theatrical voice.
"I like Jung Heewon."
"......?"
Jung Heewon looked at me with confused eyes.
I continued.
"From today on, I will do 100 push-ups, 100 squats, and run 10 kilometers every day to become
a man worthy of Heewon-nim."
Jung Heewon looked like she didn't know whether to slap me on the head or not.
"Heewon-nim... I love you... Seriously..."
"What are you doing?"
"I can do the same as Lee-"
"Now, wait!"
The contemplative girl eventually popped out from behind Jung Heewon.
I smirked and said.
"Are you ready to talk now? Judge Heewon—"

The girl who quickly covered my mouth looked back at Jung Heewon and smiled awkwardly.
"Unni. I'm sorry, I guess I got the wrong person."
"Are you okay? It sounds like you're being blackmailed?"
"No! I'm really not, so don't worry!"
Looking at the shaken girl, I was once again convinced.
This must be him.
This is the same person who sat next to me in the event theater.
Nickname [Judge Heewon].
The muscular man who answered the trivia question about the name of Jung Heewon's sword,
roared, jumped on stage, and came to possess someone in this world.
Wait, I thought he was a man?
He, or she, who was now a tiny girl, even tinier than Jung Heewon, spoke over my mouth.
"Why don't we go over there and talk?"
*
"That...... Cheon Inho?"
"Yes."
"Who the hell are you?"
Judge Heewon looked at me and ahjussi with fear in her eyes, as if she were trying to figure out
who we were by our looks. But there was no way she could have known who I was.
I realized that I needed to let her guard down a bit. Luckily, I had learned the social language to
use in this situation.
"Jung Heewon is great."
"What? Of course......."
Judge Heewon's expression became strange.
"Wait, you-?"
"Yes."
"Your nickname is funny......."
I nodded.
"That all-carer? The one with the pretty girl?"
"That...... Yes."
"The one who couldn't get a single question right!"
"I got a question right, which is why I'm here."

Judge Heewon opened her mouth in a daze. She seemed to be organizing the situation in her
head.
I added for reassurance.
"I'm in the same boat as you, and so is this ahjussi."
Dansoo ahjussi bowed slightly with a polite face.
Judge Heewon muttered in a trembling voice.
"I see, I'm not the only one......."
Judge Heewon looked at us with hollow eyes, as if she was going to burst into tears at any
moment.
"I really thought I was going to die, but at least I remembered the first scenario."
"How did you clear it?"
"The usual, bugs are the law of the land."
Judging by the smugness in her voice, she had contributed to making a mess of the first scenario
just like me.
"Actually, I almost died in the middle of the scenario when it was twisted up...... I got lucky. I
was trapped with Heewon-nim."
She was trapped with Jung Heewon.......
As expected, it was thanks to Judge Heewon that Jung Heewon survived without killing anyone.
After taking a low breath, Judge Heewon said softly.
"Phew...... Anyway, if you're a reader too, you should have told me sooner. That was close."
"I've been trying to tell you all along, but you've been hiding and criticizing me."
"I didn't think someone would possessed Cheon Inho. Why Cheon Inho?"
Why am I Cheon Inho?
I wonder that too.
In any case, Judge Heewon seemed to have completely lost her animosity.
"First of all, let's introduce each other. I'm Cheon Inho, as you can see."
"I'm Lee Dansoo."
Hearing our names, Judge Heewon nodded in understanding.
"It's the rule to speak by your given name, like in TRPG?"
I started to say, but stopped.
Judge Heewon said her new nickname with a shy face.

"I'm Kyung Sein."
"Can I call you Judge Heewon?"
"You should call me Kyung Sein."
She's an adaptable person.
*
It was still the first day of the scenario, and there was a lot of work to do.
Dansoo ahjussi had a poor memory, but Kyung Sein was a voracious reader who remembered
quite a lot.
"After all, it's a national rule to collect food first at Geumho Station."
I wonder who set that rule.
It's like we all got together and made a 'How to Deal with the Apocalypse in Omniscient Reader'.
Anyway, we decided to split up and rob vending machines and mini convenience stores.
Bang Cheolsoo and the Cheoldoo Group joined us.
About thirty minutes passed.
"Is this it? Have you checked all the convenience stores nearby?"
"Yes, this is it."
We had succeeded in collecting all the food in Geumho Station.
There are currently 134 people trapped inside Geumho Station.
It was only enough food for one day.
Kyung Sein asked.
"What should we do? Should we sell them for coins?"
"No, we'll just give them away."
I could have sold them for coins and made a small profit, as Kim Dokja did. But I didn't choose
that option.
Kyung Sein agreed.
"Well, I don't think it's right to accept coins from those people. Kim Dokja was definitely not
normal."
"Sein-ssi, please distribute it to the people over there. Cheolsoo, you go to the other side."
"Alright."
"Dansoo ahjussi, you can share with me."
As we distributed the food, I looked at the faces of the citizens one by one.
I didn't realize it when I wrote this scene.
The looks on the faces of people who had just killed someone to survived.

"Thank you."
The dead in the first scenario all had their heads explode. The pale faces of the dead now rested
on the faces of the living.
"As some of you may already know, there are monsters roaming outside right now, and it's wise
to stay safe here and wait for rescue."
"Do you really think rescue will come?"
"They will come."
Of course, the rescuers wouldn't come.
[There are currently 48 people in Geumho Station who support you.]
[Currently 35% of Geumho Station supports you.]
Not bad. At this rate, I should be able to capture Geumho Station in the next 30 minutes and
complete the scenario.
[The constellations of the 'absolute good' system are impressed by your dedication.]
[100 coins have been sponsored.]
In addition, I have gained the favor of the constellations.
The project to rehabilitate Cheon Inho was progressing steadily.
[The character 'Bang Cheolsoo' feels an unknown emotion.]
And maybe, Bang Cheolsoo.
"Cheolsoo hyung-nim. Are you doing well?"
"I don't know. Something's tickling me."
As they handed out the bread and snacks and they were thanked, the Cheoldoo Group looked
somewhat reminiscent.
This is probably the first time they've ever heard anyone thank them.
I don't know how much of the story could have been changed by adding them a few extra
sentences.
But sometimes, even if you can't change anything, there's something you want to write. Like a
question you can't help but ask even though you know the answer.
"Have you seen a girl named No Jiyoon?"
Dansoo ahjussi, who was helping distribute food next to me, would ask people the same question
over and over again.
"I don't know, what does she look like?"
"That...... All I know is her name."

Jiyoon is the name of his daughter.
Actually, I'm sure Dansoo ahjussi knows it. Even if he ask people for his daughter's name here,
he won't find her. His daughter is probably living under a different name, possessing a
completely different person.
Still, he didn't stop asking.
As if the name alone was proof, in this strange and unfamiliar world, that he was not Lee
Dansoo, but someone's father.
I stared at him for a moment, then opened my phone.
A platform app popped up on the screen.
Surely I had once been the author of Omniscient Reader. But could I still call myself the author
of that novel?
All I have left to prove that time is this.
+
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint - 567 chapters
—Author Lee Hakhyun
+
I stared blankly at the title of my novel.
I don't know how long I did that.
Suddenly, I got goosebumps on my spine.
What the hell?
I glared at the screen once more, specifically at the number of chapters.
Sure enough, the 'Omniscient Reader' I knew had been completed in chapter 551.
+
Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint - 567 chapters
—Author Lee Hakhyun
+
There was 15 more chapters.
Author's Note
Thank you again today.

Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (6)
< Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (6) >
I went through the newly expanded table of contents one by one. Even as I was looking, the table
of contents grew by one.
+
Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (6) +[21]
Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (5) +[24]
......
Episode 2. Rewrite (1) +[49]
Episode 1. The World After Completion (2) +[41]
Episode 1. The World After Completion (1) +[63]
Prologue. This is not an Announcement +[98]
+
A total of 568 chapters.
What the hell happened?
When I looked closely, there was also an event bonus.
When I thought about it, I remembered that I wrote such a side story for Yoo Joonghyuk's
birthday event.
But did I post it in the series?
It wish I could see what it was about.
I hesitated for a moment, then decided to check the comments of the latest episode.
[1 free daily pass will be deducted.]
[One random comment from the chapter will be released at random.]
Free pass?
—First.
The only comment I could see was one in the middle of ranking, and all the others are covered.
What's going on?
I went back and checked the comments on the older episodes.
Sure enough, I could see all the comments up to chapter 552.
The problem was the comments for the later episodes.
[You can read up to three free daily comments for chapters after 553.]

[You currently have 2 free daily passes.]
[If you run out of free passes, you can use coins to view the comments.]
[3,000 coins will be deducted for each comment.]
It was ridiculous.
3,000 coins for each additional comment?
No, 3,000 coins it's my entire fortune now.
I decided to start with the free passes.
First, chapter 553.
[1 free daily pass will be deducted.]
—Oh?
I felt a twinge of resentment.
I tapped on chapter 556.
[1 free daily pass will be deducted.]
[You have used up all of your free daily passes for today.]
ᅳWow, so it's a story where the author possesses Cheon Inho?
Fortunately, this time it was a comment that could infer the context of the text.
After all, the content of the serialized excerpt was describing my current situation of possession.
My head was spinning.
Who is publishing this?
Is someone writing this story under my name instead of me?
If this is a novel, are my thoughts being described?
「If so, am I thinking, or am I being thought.」
I don't know.
There was nothing I could tell for certain right now.
"There."
Jung Heewon came to me during a break after the food distribution was over.
"Can I sit next to you for a while?"
"Oh, sure."
Jung Heewon sat down on the bench I was sitting on. However, she didn't speak to me right
away.
I hadn't realized it before because I was too busy, but it felt strange to think that the character I
wrote was sitting next to me.

This person is definitely not a type.
The white skin, long hair, and deep eyes looking at me are all real.
Jung Heewon was indeed present in front of me now.
"I'm sorry about earlier, Sein told me it was a misunderstanding. She said it was because you
look so much like the person she hated......."
"No, it was a misunderstanding. It's fine."
It's not that I looked alike, I am the one she hated.
I pulled a canned drink out of my pocket and handed it over.
"Would you like some?"
"Oh, thanks."
We sat side by side and drank our canned drinks, both of us staring out at the empty tracks, and I
remembered the text of Omniscient Reader.
Come to think of it, Kim Dokja also sat on the platform at Geumho Station with Jung Heewon.
She said.
"The train won't come anymore, will it?"
No matter how long we wait, the train won't come. Neither will the next train, nor the one after
that.
But the lack of trains didn't mean anyone was going to die right away.
"I guess I'll just have to get used to walking."
Jung Heewon glanced at me and said.
"You're so calm, Inho-ssi. I can't do that."
"It's because I usually have strange imaginations."
Jung Heewon smiled bitterly at the words 'strange imaginations'.
"That's funny, Sein said something similar."
According to Jung Heewon, she and Kyung Sein were trapped in the same area in the first
scenario.
I knew the gist of it.
She told me that, as she panicked, Kyung Sein caught a bug for her, and that's how they survived.
"Luckily, there must have been a lot of bugs."
"There was only one bug."
"What?"

Thinking about it, we were lucky to have vending machines in our area, but I'm sure not all areas
had.
Surely, there must have been areas with very few bugs.
"I'm the only one who survived with the bug."
"And Sein-ssi......."
"It was self-defense. He had nothing to say even if he died."
The expression on Jung Heewon's face as she said that, somehow reminded me of the 'Judge of
Evil' from Omniscient Reader that I knew.
But she killed a man? It didn't look like it from the outside.
"By the way, Cheon Inho-ssi."
"Yes."
"Do you happen to know me?"
"What?"
"And what you said earlier."
What did I say earlier?
"That...... No."
「Heewon-nim... I love you... Surely...」
Goosebumps suddenly rose on my forearms.
"Oh, that."
Thinking about it, it wasn't a strange that Jung Heewon misunderstand me in that kind of
situation.
"You should just forget about it."
"Shall we?"
"Yeah."
I thought I felt a strange gaze in the distance, but it was Kyung Sein who had stopped squatting
and was staring at us.
Jung Heewon breathed a sigh of relief.
"Thank God. I was actually worried that you were a strange person."
"You don't have to worry about that."
I'm afraid of what Ji Eunyoo will say if she finds out.
What kind of writer confesses to a character they created?
Jung Heewon scratched her cheek at my strong denial and smiled.

"Anyway, keep up the good work. I was a little surprised to see you handing out food to people
earlier, I didn't expect that."
[Character 'Jung Heewon' has a faint sense of trust in you.]
Suddenly, I understood why Jung Heewon was talking to me.
[The majority of your region now thinks of you as a leader.]
[You have conquered 'Geumho Station'.]
[You will recieve the sub scenario rewards.]
[500 coins have been earned.]
[If you survive to the fourth main scenario, you will receive additional benefits from completing
the sub scenario.]
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' says your ploy is really pretty good.]
Wow, all these rewards?
Cheon Inho didn't get to enjoy any of this and died right away in the main story.
I have to be really nice to Kim Dokja when I meet him.
Yes, Kim Dokja.
It was time to go meet the real Kim Dokja.
*
"Is everyone ready to go?"
"Yes."
"Not yet, wait a bit."
Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi each held a pipe with a cloth tied around the handle. These were
our temporary weapons for the time being.
"But are you going to leave the Cheoldoo Group here? I thought you made a group to lead the
way in times like this."
She wasn't wrong.
However, if we were accompanied by the Cheoldoo Group unnecessarily and ran into Kim
Dokja or Yoo Joonghyuk, we might get into trouble.
Kyung Sein nodded in understanding.
"I see. It would be easy to misunderstand, but if you put it that way, Cheon Inho-ssi's existence is
a problem."
"We'll find an excuse somehow."
"What are you going to say?"
"Sein-ssi should say it, not me. Do you think Kim Dokja or Yoo Joonghyuk would listen to me?"
"Oh, yeah. Uh...... what should I say? I'm not good at talking. So where would they be by now?"

"They're probably just finishing up the 'Even Bridge' scenario."
In the main part of Omnscient Reader, Kim Dokja and the others are separated by the breaking of
the Dongho Bridge.
"Since Kim Dokja would have been eaten by the ichthyousaur straight away, we're likely to meet
Yoo Joonghyuk, Lee Hyunsung, Yoo Sangah, Lee Gilyoung...... the other members first."
That's what would be common sense.
Of course, that's assuming the scenario plays out in the same way as in the original.
"We'll probably meet Han Myungoh, too."
It was Dansoo ahjussi who said that.
It seemed that he was finally ready to leave, too, and something was floating over his head. He
must have gotten some sort of privilage from his constellation.
Thank goodness, at least it wasn't a very bad constellation.
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' looks forward to incarnation 'Lee Dansoo'.]
"So the three of us are going like this? Will that be okay?"
Dansoo ahjussi had a strangely worried face.
Actually, I was worried too.
Right now, we only had a man with a naturally muscular body and a girl with the soul of a
muscular man.
"Do you have any combat skills? Like [Weapon Training]?"
In response to my question, Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi shook their heads at the same time.
[Weapong Training] is the most basic weapon skill in the entire Omniscient Reader.
We didn't even have the basics.
But Kyung Sein was confident.
"Still, don't you think we can handle a few ground rats? We've got some experience."
I agreed with that, too.
This is who we are.
It's a party of Omniscient Reader writer (though Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi didn't know yet)
and Omniscient Reader completionists.
After all, it's a story where the author, reader, and protagonist work together to reach the ending,
so there's nothing we can't do.
"By the way, can we just talk about the novel like this? The constellations—"
"It'll be fine. Even in Omniscient Reader, all the stuff about Ways of Survival is filtered out at
the beginning."

"But there's no guarantee that'll be the case here—"
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' grumbles wondering what the hell are you
talking about.]
[The constellation 'Pig Living in a Brick House' complains that the conversation was filtered
incorrectly.]
Kyung Sein shook her head in admiration.
"Wow, it's true. As expected of Omniscient Reader."
Was that an insult or a compliment?
I didn't bother to ask.
We stepped into the tunnel that led straight to Oksu Station.
As the darkness of the claustrophobic tunnel enveloped us, I was suddenly aware of my heavy
breathing.
One step, two steps.
A chill seeping into my ankles with each step. The sensation of being in real danger was
palpable.
All three of us seemed to be thinking the same thing, but none of us spoke up.
Finally, it was Kyung Sein, who had the soul of a muscular man, who spoke first.
"Should we just go back? I mean, we can wait at Geumho Station and still meet them, so why go
out of our way?"
"It's better if we pick them up. You know, in case something happens."
"Sure...... the first scenario has changed."
"Let's go, and if it looks like we're in danger, we'll run."
Of course, I had no intention of running away. For my own safety, it was best to make contact
with the main characters at this timing.
The worst that could happen was that Kim Dokja and the others were dead.
But even if they were all dead, there would still be one person alive.
Yoo Joonghyuk.
The true protagonist of the 'Ways of Survival' and the strongest incarnation of Omniscient
Reader.
If things were really going to go south, someone would have to confront him on Kim Dokja's
behalf. Someone had to convince him, cajole him, and somehow see the end of this damned
scenario.
「But which one of us is up to the task?」
I was lost in thought for a second. As I returned to my thoughts, I could hear Kyung Sein and
Dansoo ahjussi talking. They were squatting together and had apparently become quite close.

"Did you sign a sponsor contract too?"
"Yes."
"Who did you sign with?"
"Sneaking Schemer."
"Sneaking Schemer?"
I asked him to stop talking, but he couldn't help himself and bragged about it.
For the record, Dansoo ahjussi still confuses 'Sneaking Schemer' with 'Secretive Plotter', the most
powerful man in Omniscient Reader.
And just now,
"It's not that constellation?"
He realizes that's not the right constellation.
"Did you just skim the novel?"
Ahjussi asked in a voice full of disbelief, and Kyung Sein frowned.
"What are you talking about? I've read it throughly. I've also read the 'Encyclopedia of
Omniscient Reader' compiled by 'RepresentativeKimDokja' at least ten times. How many times
have you seen it?"
"What's that?"
"Forget it, the constellation you're talking about is 'Secretive Plotter', not 'Sneaking Schemer'.
How could you get that mixed up?"
"No way......."
Dansoo ahjussi's pupils twitched as if they were in an earthquake.
"I-I'm sure Jiyoon said this constellation is the best..."
"Because of Jiyoon or whatever you're totally screwed. They look like a weird constellation."
"Jiyoon is my daughter."
As I watched the conversation with interest, I suddenly realized that I hadn't heard any messages
from the 'Sneaking Schemer'.
If someone talked about you openly like this, wouldn't you interrupt? Had he left the channel?
Suddenly, I became nervous. If we had made Bihyung's channel less popular, the planned stream
contract talks could fall through.
'Bihyung. Are you there?'
Even when I tried talking to him, he didn't reply.
Did we lose communication?
[A few constellations are talking about who is 'Sneaking Schemer'.]

I realized that the channel wasn't dead, as there still was a response from the constellations.
I could think about it later, now was the time to move.
"Let's speed up a little bit."
"Okay."
"Let's do it."
One minute later
"We're slowing down."
"Inho-ssi should lead the way. You're the leader."
This was not a powerful party of a writer and two completionists, it was just a party of wimps.
At this rate, we could walk all day to Oksu Station and still not make it.
"Hey, guys."
Unexpectedly, it was Dansoo ahjussi who came to the rescue, looking like he was thinking about
something.
"If you don't mind, I'd like to do a little scouting on my own."
"What? You're going to get yourself killed, ahjussi. Your sponsor isn't Secretive Plotter."
"I know. My sponsor is Sneaking Schemer."
For some reason, at that moment, Dansoo ahjussi looked like a dashing Kim Dokja once again.
"So there's something I can do."
Ahjussi stared at the floor and muttered something under his breath.
A moment later, dozens of cockroaches swarmed on the floor.
"U-uaak!"
Kyung Sein clung onto me. I took a step back to avoid her.
The cockroaches that had gathered near ahjussi moved their antennae as if to communicate with
him, and then they began to move in a single file line toward Oksu Station.
Kyung Sein shook her hand and asked.
"Ahjussi. Isn't that [Diverse Communication]? How did you learn that skill? Is your attribute
Insect Collector?"
If I recall correctly, there were only a few main characters in the original novel who had that
skill.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead and said.

"I got it from the constellation."
From the constellation?
His sponsor gave him a skill like that?
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' re-enters the channel.]
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' is surprised to see how far you've come.]
For the briefest of moments, a thought flashed through my mind.
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' smiles happily at the cockroaches.]
No way.......
It's not that, right?
Author's Note
Sing: The first boarding house I chose in college was very old, and there were a lot of
cockroaches. My older brother, who lived on the first floor, loved to tear off the legs of
cockroaches. From then on, I became afraid of people who were good at catching cockroaches.
Shong: However, Sing sometimes spoke with respect to their brother.

Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (7)
< Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (7) >
"They say there's nothing ahead."
Thanks to the cockroaches' forewarning of danger, we were able to move at a faster pace than
before.
Kyung Sein said admiringly.
"The cockroaches are so OP."
"What's OP?"
"That...... It's too good, so maybe your sponsor is more useful than I thought?"
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' grumbles asking 'Did you realize that just now?']
Things certainly weren't bad.
At this point, Dansoo ahjussi could easily play the role of Lee Gilyoung in the main story.
We walked for about ten minutes.
He stopped for the first time.
"There's something up ahead."
We gasped in unison.
A few cockroaches scurried toward him, their antennae twitching violently.
"I think it's one ground rat."
I didn't think there were ground rats in this section.
I thought for a moment and said.
"Let's wait, maybe it's one that got separated from the mischief and is wandering around."
I didn't want to risk an encounter. We waited, hiding ourselves.
1 minute, 5 minutes, 10 minutes.
The ground rat showed no sign of going away.
Dansoo ahjussi looked a little tired, as if he'd used [Diverse Communication] too many times in
such a short period of time.
"What shall we do?"
Oksu Station was just around the corner. It would be a shame to turn back here.

"Let's catch it, it's only one."
Kyung Sein suggested first.
"We have to fight at some point, and we can't go through the scenario without catching one. It's a
monster that Yoo Sangah and Lee Gilyoung also caught, so let's not be scared."
Turns out she was right.
Lightly stretching her shoulders and neck, Kyung Sein continued.
"If you have any useful skills, show them all instead of hiding them. For reference, I have
[Average Correction]."
As expected, I thought that if she was a complete reader, she would have at least one hidden
hand.
By the way, [Average Correction].
It's a skill that wasn't detailed in Omniscient Reader, but I remembered setting it up.
"It's a little tricky to explain, but if you raise one of your stats, the rest of your stats will be
corrected to 70% of your highest stats. For example, if you raise your physique level to 10, you'll
have a performance level of 7 without leveling up strength or agility."
"Huh, that's a pretty cool skill."
It was definitely a powerful skill. It meant that from now on, Kyung Sein could go all-in on just
one main stat.
In the early stages, when coins are hard to come by for stats, there's no better skill.
"I only have the [Diverse Communication] I showed you earlier....... What about my mate?"
I checked my skills one by one.
[⬜⬜]
[Character List]
[Incite]
These were the only three skills I knew.
Sometimes I hear a character's inner thoughts, so I think there's a skill that's similar to
[Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint], but I haven't figured out how to activate it yet.
"Unfortunately, my skills are all related to inciting through speech. As you can see, it's Cheon
Inho."
"Phew, it can't be helped, but it's not a bad situation. There are three of us and one of it, so on the
signal of one, two, three, we'll all run and beat it up."
"Let's be careful not to get hurt."

We looked at each other and cautiously approached the ground rat.
We must have taken thirty steps.
The shadow of a monster emerged from the darkness.
「The size of a fully-grown wolf. A mole-like creature with developed forepaws.」
There was no mistaking it.
It was a 9th grade underground species, the ground rat.
But...... Was it that big?
"Uh, wait a minute."
Kyung Sein also stopped walking as if she noticed something strange.
Kooooo.
An ominous howl.
A pair of yellow eyes glowed in the darkness, and a boar-like creature charged toward us. The
ground rumbled lightly, and stones bounced off the bottom of the track.
The frail Kim Dokja had actually caught a monster like this?
"Hiyoooop!"
Dansoo ahjussi let out a strange shout and swung his pipe in an excited gesture.
But his weak pipe grazed the ground rat's face and bounced off.
"Ahjussi!"
Dansoo ahjussi barely rolled out of the way of the collision.
I was next.
Come.
Despite this, my strength level is 10. There's no way I can't catch a monster that even a kid like
Lee Gilyoung could catch.
I swung the pipe with all my might, but it missed. The moment the blow hit, the ground rat
quickly lowered its head.
Oops.
I spun around and landed on my butt.
When I quickly raised my head, the ground rat was running past me toward the target. It had
instinctively chosen the weakest-looking prey among us.
"Sein-ssi!"

The terrified Kyung Sein held up her pipe, her arms shaking.
"Uh, Uwaaaak!"
Throwing the pipe, Kyung Sein turned around and started running.
"What are you doing! Catch it!"
"H-How can I catch something like that!"
What a difference between fiction and reality.
Is that really the same beast that Yoo Sangah and Lee Gilyoung fought?
Kyung Sein, who was running fast, tripped over the tracks and fell. The ground rat didn't miss
the opportunity, howled, and hit her.
With a thud, she bounced off and hit the wall of the train tracks.
I thought she was dead, but to my surprise, Kyung Sein staggered to her feet.
"Uaaaa! It hurts! It hurts!"
The reason was obvious.
Kyung Sein had gone all-in on her physique.
Just as I had invested my coins in strength, she had invested all of her coins in physique.
"Don't run, pick up your weapon! Over here! You bastard!"
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.2' is activated.]
I activated [Incite] half-heartedly, and it turned to look in my direction. It didn't seem to
understand me, but at least I'd turned off its aggression.
With Kyung Sein haphazardly picking up her weapon, Dansoo ahjussi and I formed a chaotic
formation.
Luckily, the ground rat only let out a snarl and didn't try to charge again.
"You said you were going to be a man worthy of Heewon-ssi."
"Heewon-nim is strong, I can help her as a wife!"
"You've killed people, you can't just run away like that."
I wish I hadn't said that.
Pale and fed up, Kyung Sein asked.
"I killed a man? Who told you that?"
"Heewon-ssi."
"I...... I just closed my eyes and finished the kid Heewon-nim left half dead."
As I watched Kyung Sein's shaking hand holding the pipe, it all made sense.
That was why Jung Heewon had such a strong expression on her face.
"If you really don't want to die, make up your mind."

The plan was a complete failure.
There was no way an ordinary reader in real life could possess someone in a novel and suddenly
start acting like Kim Dokja.
「I wonder how many of them survived.」
Just as the sudden anxiety was taking over my mind, Dansoo ahjussi called out to me in a
trembling voice.
"I-Inho-ssi."
The ground rat that had been confronting us had four eyes now.
Damn.
He'd called for his colleague.
"Turn around."
We started running toward Geumho Station. But the chasing ground rats were faster.
"Ahjussi! Hurry!"
Dansoo ahjussi, who has relatively low physique and strength, lagged behind. I slowed down a
bit to keep pace with him.
That's when I heard a squeak. I looked to the side and saw a ground rat nibbling at the hem of my
clothes.
It seemed to be bleeding profusely.
I couldn't believe I was going to die like this, not from a monster, but from an earth rat. At the
same time, I realized that I wanted to write a novel about this story.
「The Ultimate Omniscient Reader Party. Wiped out by a 9th grade underground species, the
ground rat.」
But who would read such a novel?
I let out a shout and smashed the ground rat's head with my pipe. But its grip was stronger than I
thought.
"Ahjussi! Run! Come on!"
I can't take on both of them with all my might now. It's even more impossible for me alone.
At least I can buy some time.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.2' is strongly activated!]
My skill once again drew the attention of the ground rats.
I gripped the pipe with both hands like a baseball bat and slammed it into the side of one of

them. It squirmed in pain and fell from me.
The problem was the other one.
In an ominous flash of foreboding, a large shadow leaped up behind me. It was too late to react.
"Get out of the way!"
With a sharp voice, a pipe flew out of nowhere and pierced the ground rat's eye.
Kuaaaak!
The sharpened end of the pipe went straight through the ground rat's skull and out the other side.
The pipe was pulled straight out and left an efficient trajectory toward the second ground rat.
I knew the identity of that trace.
A skill that was dismissed as insignificant in Omniscient Reader.
[Kendo(劍道)]
However, there were some characters who practiced it to the limit and finally slit the throats of
demons.
The flowing trace of the pipe sliced through the head of the staggering second ground rat.
[Demon Slaying(鬼殺)].
As it collapsed, the red glow extinguished from its eyes as it looked at me.
"I knew this would happen."
Last time, I thought I couldn't help it even if Ji Eunyoo teased me. This time, I thought I might
actually fall in love with her.
"Are you okay?"
It was Jung Heewon.
*.
"Sniff sniff, Heewon unni, I mean, it was so hard for us."
Kyung Sein held on to Jung Heewon and sobbed for a long time. I thought I was really going to
die. Why did she come now?
"Thanks to you, I'm alive. I didn't know they were so strong......."
Dansoo ahjussi also thanked her, exhausted
I did the same.

"You saved my life, you really put up a good fight."
"Are your wounds okay?"
"Yes. It's nothing, thankfully."
Luckily, the ground rat's teeth had only scratched my side.
Still, if Jung Heewon hadn't come, I would have died there.
I completely miscalculated our power. I didn't expect the readers party to be so crappy.
"I came here because I was worried. I saw two weak men and a small girl leaving as a scouting
party..... I was honestly nervous."
Apparently, Jung Heewon was the only one who objectively grasped our party's strength.
However, the previous battle was surprising even when I thought about it again.
Jung Heewon was this strong.
[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated!]
+
<Character Summary>
Name: Jung Heewon
Age: 27 years old
Sponsor: None (Two constellations are currently showing interest in this person.)
Exclusive Attributes: Crouching Figure (Common)
Exclusive Skills: [Demon Slaying Lv.1], [Kendo Lv.1]
Stigma: None
Overall Stats: [Physique Lv.5], [Strength Lv.6], [Agility Lv.7], [Magic Power Lv.4]
Overall Evaluation: She's a 'Crouching Figure' with enormous potential. The attribute
information isn't verified yet because the attribute hand't blossomed. She currently has a faint
faith in you.
+
I can't believe that 'Cheon Inho' is trusted by Jung Heewon.
Life really is hard to understand.
"But why did you move in such a hurry?"
Jung Heewon's question made Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi look at me at the same time.
"Because we have to rescue the survivors."
"Survivors?"
"There's someone I know near Oksu Station."
Jung Heewon nodded as if she understood.

"I see. Your parents, your family?"
"If I had to say...... They're like family."
Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi looked at me and nodded.
Jung Heewon said.
"If that's the case, I'll help you too."
"I'd really appreciate it."
I thought it would be okay to go with Jung Heewon. She was going to be a main member of Kim
Dokja's Company, so there was no harm if she accompanied us in advance.
However, there was something I needed to do before I left again.
I looked down at the bodies of the two fallen ground rats.
"Hmm? What are you going to do?"
There were two main reasons why our party was so unsuccessful.
One, the lack of main combat skills, and two.
"Let's make weapons."
As if something had come to their mind, Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi jumped out of their
seats.
It must have been the development of the main story.
However, Kyung Sein's expression brightened for a moment, and then quickly darkened.
"But...... Inho-ssi."
"Yes."
"Do you know how to do it?"
That was the problem.
*
"Ground rat's spine sword! Ground rat's spine sword!"
Kyung Sein had been repeating the words like a mantra for several minutes now, holding the
head of a ground rat.
Dansoo ahjussi asked.
"What are you doing?"
"I'm trying to do something."
I think she has watched too many cartoons.
I left Kyung Sein alone and took out the knife I had borrowed from the Cheoldoo Group earlier.

Then I used Incite on myself.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv2' is activated!]
「This isn't gross at all. I'm a professional butcher.」
I grabbed the ground rat by the head and started tearing off its skin. Honestly, I was worried
because I've never done any butchering before, but it wasn't as hard as I thought.
Upon closer inspection, I realized that the skin had a dotted line along the spine. Like a creature
made to be cut along the dotted line.
I thought that this was enough for people who hadn't read 'Ways of Survival' like Kim Dokja,
then I turned to the side and saw Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi gagging.
Oh well, that's normal.
Jung Heewon, on the other hand, stuck to my side and watched the whole grooming process with
interest.
"Where did you learn to do this?"
"Self-taught."
"Wow......."
My shoulders got tense for no reason.
I must be pretty talented, right? Jung Heewon added with a wry smile.
"But since you're self-taught, you're not very good at it."
"Don't bully me."
I grunted for about twenty minutes.
With a snap, the first ground rat's spine was cleanly separated.
Dansoo ahjussi was impressed.
"Now that's a convincing one."
Even in their natural state, the vertebrae of ground rats resembled a sword. Indeed, a creature that
defied evolutionary odds to have a spine made by a single bone.
"This is for Heewon-ssi."
"Really? Can I take it?"
"Because you're our team's biggest power."
Jung Heewon was a monster who could beat two ground rats with a pipe, and then I gave her a
ground rat knife?
It's only a matter of catching the bus from now on.
"Ah...... Thank you."
Jung Heewon accepted the knife as if she was embarrassed, and then examined the front and

back of the knife for a long time.
"Suddenly I feel like I'm back in the Paleolithic age."
I stopped and looked up. I thought it sounded familiar, but then I realized it was a line from
Omniscient Reader.
I hesitated for a moment.
「May I answer?」
I inhaled lightly, then spoke in a somewhat theatrical tone.
"You need to grind it a bit more for it to be useful. There are rocks around so skillfully grind the
blade."
"Huh, understood, Captain."
Originally, this conversation had been between Kim Dokja and Jung Heewon.
Kyung Sein, who came up behind them, scolded me with a whisper.
"Don't you think you're getting too close to Heewon-nim?"
"Well, someone has to look out for her. Until we meet Kim Dokja."
As I said that, my heart gradually grew heavy.
I wondered if I could do as much as Kim Dokja did.
Would I be able to help Jung Heewon survive in this world?
"By the way, there's a problem. Heewon-nim won't be able to grow as fast as things are going
now."
As if reading my mind, Kyung Sein whispered.
"You remember that? Heewon-nim, gets stronger for real after her awakening as the 'Judge of
Destruction'. At this rate, even if we meet the real Kim Dokja, Heewon-nim may not be as active
as she was in the main novel."
That's right.
Jung Heewon's strongest skill is [Hour of Judgement].
In order to obtain it, she must become the 'Judge of Destruction'.
However, there are two prerequisites for her to do so.
One is that she is subjected to brutal violence by the Cheoldoo Group.
And two.
"In order for Heewon-nim to awaken as in the original, Cheon Inho-ssi must die."
My death.

Author's Note
There's 2 chapters today.

Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (8)
< Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (8) >
After obtaining the ground rat knife, our progress accelerated.
A few times along the way, we encountered small mischiefs of ground rats, but thanks to Jung
Hee-won's skill, they were easily defeated.
It wasn't long before the group was able to get their hands on one each.
I wonder how long we walked.
Finally, the scenery of Oksu Station appeared.
"Wow, really. Wow."
After walking for only 20 minutes, Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi's faces were covered in
sweat.
Oksu Station is an aboveground station.
Looking at the faint sunlight, I suddenly had a thought.
「I don't want to die.」
I don't know why I felt that way.
What I do know is that one day I will write this sentence.
"I'll take a look around first. You can stay here for a while."
Jung Heewon jumped forward and stepped onto the platform with light steps.
Behind me, Kyung Sein asked.
"But is it okay for us to stay here? Oksu Station is above ground."
According to Omniscient Reader, the ground is covered in a 'poisonous fog' from the second
main scenario onward.
"It's okay, I don't think there are any poisonous rhinoceros around here."
The poisonous fog was the fart of the 7th grade monster species, the great poisonous rhinoceros.
In other words, as long as there were no poisonous rhinoceros nearby, there was no danger of
being exposed to the poisonous fog.
Kyung Sein shook her head in admiration.
"I can't believe you remembered something like that. May I ask how many times you've read it?"
"I've read it quite a lot."

I couldn't help it. Counting rewrites and revisions, I'd read it at least a dozen times per chapter. I
read some sections over a hundred times.
"You're not famous, are you? You're not one of the Seven Apostles, are you?"
"What's that?"
"It's a group created by some of the most famous persons in Omniscient Reader's world—"
For a moment, I was confused if this was fiction or reality, because there is a similar group in
Omniscient Reader.
"They say the world is big and there are many reclusive masters...... I guess my luck isn't so bad
after meeting Inho-ssi."
"Can I hear that story you just told in detail?"
"What story, the Seven Apostles?"
"Yes."
"Well, it's not a big deal, it's just a bunch of fans who got together and named it as a joke—"
Kyung Sein began to ramble on about the 'Seven Apostles' in a somewhat excited voice.
I was shocked that a failed novel had such a club, but I was also surprised that it was four years
old.
Since this is Omniscient Reader's world, it's likely that readers with a high number of
completions have survived.
If we can bring them to our side, it will be a great help.
"I was there when it happened."
As Kyung Sein was recounting the three-days and three-nights setup battle between the 'Seven
Apostles' and the 'Misreading Association', Jung Heewon returned from scanning Oksu Station.
"There are no survivors, I think they've all gone to the surface."
"Thank you for your hard work."
"What should we do? Your family—"
Seeing Jung Heewon worrying about others even in the midst of this, I realized that she doesn't
have to be the Judge of Destruction.
Is it necessary for her to go through that pain again only for her awakening?
There are many ways to become stronger. I can't say that the development of the main story is
the only answer.
"They must be nearby, maybe coming from that direction."
I said, looking to the other side of the tracks leading to the Dongho Bridge.
I could finally meet the main characters of Omniscient Reader.
I could meet Kim Dokja, Yoo Joonghyuk, Lee Hyunsung, Yoo Sangah and Lee Gilyoung.

I exchanged glances with Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi and walked along the tracks.
In the distance, I could see the tracks leading to Dongho Bridge. The bridge was already broken
in the middle, as if the ichthyosaur had made a mess and disappeared.
We paused, stared, and waited.
The fishy smell of the Han River wafted through the air.
It was time for the people to come running.
It was time for Lee Hyunsung, Yoo Sangah, Lee Gilyoung, and Han Myungoh, who had crossed
the Even Bridge created by 「Deus Ex Machina」 over the Dongho Bridge, to appear.
"That's weird, I don't see anyone—"
The moment Kyung Sein said that.
「Time stopped.」
I panicked as I watched the world around me turn colorless in an instant.
If time had stopped now, there was only one reason.
The skill [⬜⬜] had been triggered.
But why?
I didn't see anyone around me who would suddenly do something unexpected?
[Someone wants to do something unexpected.]
Huh?
The letters swirled around me, and a snowy landscape appeared.
[The activation conditions for the exclusive skill '⬜⬜' have been partially met.]
[The exclusive skill '⬜⬜' has been activated.]
What do you mean 'someone'?
[You have an absurdly low understanding of that character.]
[Your can't intervene in the character's actions.]
And a character I can't intervene with? Where?
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
I hadn't written anything, and the message was one-sided.
I decided to check the feedback first.
+
rlaehrwk37: Suddenly everyone's going to die here?

+
I felt my heart sink.
Everyone's going to die?
Here? Suddenly?
[Leaving the 'Snowfield'.......]
I instinctively felt a sense of crisis. It was a writer's intuition.
I don't know what happened, but if 'Snowfield' ends here, my party and I will be wiped out. I had
this premonition.
'Wait, wait a moment!'
At my shout, the disappearing snowy landscape returned.
[You want to do something unexpected.]
This skill is triggered when someone wants to do something 'unexpected'.
[Describe your own behavior.]
[You have spent 5 probability points.]
And that, I can do.
[The activation conditions for the exclusive skill '⬜⬜' have been met again.]
[The exclusive skill '⬜⬜' has been reactivated.]
[You have entered the 'Snowfield'.]
[Describe the next action of 'Cheon Inho'.]
And a window appeared in front of my eyes.
+
# Cheon Inho's Station
「At that moment, Cheon Inho
⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜.......」
* At your current skill level, you can write a total of 160 additional characters.
+
[You can stay in the 'Snowfield' for a total of 3 minutes.]

I quickly wrote down something along the lines of, 'Cheon Inho reacted quickly to the crisis and
saved the party members.'
[This story's content is vague.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 10%.]
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
+
rlaehrwk37 : What is it with Cheon Inho
rlaehrwk81 : You don't even know what's going on
+
No, what the hell was going on.
I decided to stay calm and take a look at my surroundings. First of all, the place I was in, the
background, and the people.......
Then something caught my eye.
「Cracks were spreading upward through the tunnel.」
[You found a background clue.]
[You can reserve additional probability in your description.]
Now I had a glimpse of what was about to happen.
I quickly typed a sentence.
「At that moment, Cheon Inho noticed the collapsing ceiling. He reflexively pulled Jung Heewon,
who was walking ahead of him, and shouted to the two remaining people.
"Everyone, stick to the wall!"
Moments later, the tunnel ceiling collapsed. In a cloud of dust, Chen Inho confirmed the fate of
his colleagues.
Fortunately, no one was injured.」
[This story is lacking probability.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 43%.]
This time, the odds have gone up quite a bit.
[Do you want to try to recreate it?]
[If you fail, your group will be wiped out.]
43% chance was too vague.
I pondered.
This description is lacking probability.......
After much deliberation, I changed some of the sentences while keeping the basic framework

intact.
「At the risk of tearing the ligaments in right arm, Chen Inho pushed his companions back with
all his strength.」
[This story is lacking probability.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 67%.]
The success rate has increased.
This approach is not wrong.
I made one more edit.
「At the risk of tearing the ligaments in both his arms, Chen Inho pushed his companions back
with all his strength.」
[This story is very plausible.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 98%.]
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
+
rlaehrwk37: Strong
rlaehrwk81: They're alive, but they're still screwed
+
Is this the only way?
It took a while for Kim Dokja 81 to talk, but there was no other way now.
[Successfully recreating the scene.]
[Leaving the 'Snowfield'.]
At the same time as the message, both of my arms swelled up greatly. I could feel my level 10
strenght expanding beyond their limits.
I immediately grabbed Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi by the waist, threw them backwards with
all my might, and rolled around holding Jung Heewon.
Kwaaaaaang!
There was a loud explosion, and a terrible pain shot through both my arms.
The ceiling immediately collapsed in a cloud of white dust. Heavy debris brushed past my
cheeks and arms.
When I managed to come to my senses with a few coughs, I heard a faint moan in my arms.
Jung Heewon was safe.
Dansoo ahjussi and Kyung Sein had been knocked a good distance away, but they didn't seem to
be too seriously injured.

「I'm alive.」
My whole body shook. My left arm didn't move as if its ligaments were broken, and my right
arm could barely move, but was nearly paralyzed.
Nevertheless, it wasn't over yet.
An intermittent tremor in the ground told me that whatever had caused this collapse was
approaching us.
Kukukukuku.
Moments later, a large, dark shadow loomed above the broken tunnel.
It was a monster I recognized.
7th grade monster species, the great poisonous rhinoceros.
I had a terrible feeling. This is why the feedback said that.
Even if I survive here, I'm doomed to be killed by that beast.
As the violet eyes of the one-horned rhinoceros stared at me, its massive forefoot lifted into the
air.
I'll be trampled.
I tried to move, but my body wouldn't budge.
"Heewon-ssi! Wake up! Quickly!"
A black shadow covered my eyes.
This time, it was the end.
And then.
「A pale trajectory sliced through the air.」
Jung Heewon's swordsmanship was amazing, but that beautiful, ecstatic trajectory was
incomparable.
The severed forefoot of the poisonous rhinoceros landed beside me, bleeding unrealistically.
I watched the whole thing, covered in the beast's blood.
Then a second trajectory bloomed.
「No way.」
The image of the poisonous rinhoceros horns, ears and legs being cut off one after another.
The terrifying 7th grade monster, screaming in agony, collapsed.
「At this point, there shouldn't be any incarnation that can deal with that beast.」
A slow chill ran down my spine as I looked at the pitch-black's back, holding a long spear.

「There is. One person.」
A man in a black coat stood over the corpse of the poisonous rhinoceros that had fallen with a
roar.
Just making eye contact sent a shiver down my spine.
I didn't need anyone to tell me.
The man who carried all the world's tragedies on his back.
The hero of 'Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World', the book Kim Dokja read for a decade.
"Why are you here?"
Yoo Joonghyuk.
Author's Note
Long time no see

Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (9)
< Episode 3. Protagonist(?) (9) >
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' is warning you.]
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' is glaring at 'Yoo Joonghyuk' with cold eyes.]
An alarm bell rang in my head.
I'm meeting Yoo Joonghyuk first?
What about Lee Hyunsung? Yoo Sangah? Lee Gilyoung and Han Myungoh?
No, do they 'all' really exist?
The moment I met Yoo Joonghyuk's piercing eyes, an eerie sensation washed over me.
「The original Chun Inho wasn't didn't meet Yoo Joonghyuk now.」
I managed to keep my composure.
A quick glance behind me revealed that Jung Heewon, Kyung Sein, and Dansoo ahjussi hadn't
woken up yet.
I have no choice but to try to talk my way out of this.
Luckily, there were many repertoires that could be used if the opponent was Yoo Joonghyuk.
In the early stages, Yoo Joonghyuk is a bit of a fool, so I might be able to get out of the situation
by claiming to be a prophet like Kim Dokja.
"Answer me, why are you hanging around in this place?"
However, the moment I heard those words, I felt something strange.
First, I noticed the weapon in his hand.
A spear that looked like it was carved from the bones of a monster species.
Suddenly, I felt goosebumps.
「3rd round Yoo Joonghyuk doesn't use a spear.」
Without hesitation, I activated 'Character List'.
['Character List' is activating!]
[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated!]
[There is too much information about this person. 'Character List' is converted to 'Character
Summary'.]
Along with a slight dizziness, Yoo Joonghyuk's information flashed before my eyes.

+
<Character Summary>
Name: Yoo Joonghyuk
......(Omitted)......
Exclusive Skills: [Sage's Eye Lv.9], [Hand to Hand Combat Lv.10], [Weapons Training Lv.10],
[Mental Barrier Lv.6], [Crowd Control Lv.7], [Reasoning Lv.7], [Lie Detection Lv.7].......
+
An endless list of skills.
However, that's not what surprised me.
The moment I saw Yoo Joonghyuk's 'attributes' and 'Regressor' on the list, my head turned blank.
「How the hell could this happen?」
There was only one thought in my head.
「If I stay here, I'll die.」
And then.
"You must have met Anna Croft in the Chungmuro Tunnel. You recalled the memories of the
last round......."
I stared at Yoo Joonghyuk, dumbfounded.
What was he talking about?
"Cheon Inho, why are you here? If you remembered, you would have remembered the promise
we made."
Suddenly, my head was spinning.
What the hell is this guy talking about?
When I didn't answer, Yoo Joonghyuk's expression hardened slightly.
"Why did you come looking for me? Are you unhappy with our promise now?"
It was a major crisis.
There was no mention of this development anywhere in Omniscient Reader. The same was true
for 'Ways of Survival'.
[You want to do something unexpected.]
[The activation conditions for the exclusive skill '□□' has been met.]

If you can, you should experiment with all your options. Moreover, if your opponent is 'Yoo
Joonghyuk'.
[Your creativity is currently depleted and you can't enter the 'Snowfield'.]
[You can take a penalty and enter the Snowfield once more.]
[If you make an additional entry, you will no longer be able to enter today.]
[Do you want to enter the 'Snowfield'?]
For a moment, I was worried.
Is this the last one of the day?
'I'm not entering.'
In the end, I canceled the skill.
There could be a bigger crisis than this, I couldn't risk it hastily.
I had to trust my high level eloquence for now.
I took a deep breath and began my story.
"Do you think I came here for that appointment?"
I could feel him pause for a moment. Whether he did or not, I acted shamelessly.
"I was just looking around to see if there was any items to pick up nearby. How naive of you to
think I'd come to see you first."
As I said this, I rummaged through the body of the dead poisonous rhinoceros.
The poisonous rhinoceros was a 7th grade monster.
If I could get a piece of its body now, it would be very useful in the early stages.
"You......."
I turned my head at the sound of the voice and saw Yoo Joonghyuk looking down at me with
disdain.
But why? Contempt is definitely contempt.
"No matter how many rounds I do, your trashy behavior doesn't change."
He was smiling strangely.
I felt my hopes rise a little.
"I'm flattered."
As I began to cut off the tiny horn of the poisonous rhinoceros, Yoo Joonghyuk protested.
"That's mine."
"You can keep the tiny horn."

"Have you always been greedy for things like this?"
I felt hurt for a moment, but the water was already spilled anyway.
"I'm not as strong from the beginning as someone."
Yoo Joonghyuk gave me a strange look.
"This round is really weird. That happened in the first scenario too........"
"What happened?"
"None of your business."
"What happened to Lee Hyunsung and Kim Namwoon? Why didn't they come with you?"
Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes turned cold at my questions.
"Don't think too much of yourself, Cheon Inho, do you really think we're colleagues or
something? I'm sure you didn't forgot what happened last round."
I'm confused.
We made a promise, and now he says we're not colleagues.
What is our relationship then?
"Don't forget what you're supposed to do. Don't make me regret hiring a scumbag like you."
Yoo Joonghyuk glared at me with a scary look, and I couldn't help but widen my eyes.
Even narrow eyes can be open wide.
"Thanks for the rant."
"You're even more loudmouthed than last round. Stop procrastinating and go back. You have
work to do."
With those words, Yoo Joonghyuk gathered up several key parts of the 'poisonous rhinoceros'
and turned back toward the tunnel.
"Don't come looking for me until you've sorted out what I ordered you to do. Next time you
wander around, I'll kill you."
I watched Yoo Joonghyuk walk away, step by step, and somehow it didn't feel real.
「I survived.」
Relief washed over me.
I don't know why, but I survived. I had succeeded in fooling that 'Yoo Joonghyuk' safely.
It was then that I heard a rustling sound from the side. Jung Heewon, who suddenly came to her
senses, was sitting up a few steps away from me.

"Ouch, it hurts. Inho-ssi. Are you okay? Did you get hurt?"
In a moment of panic, I quickly rushed toward her. Through the thick dust, the sound of Yoo
Joonghyuk's footsteps stopped.
"That's weird."
I felt my heart drop.
"I'm sure it wasn't part of your plan to take such a woman with you."
Goosebumps spread from head to toe. Standing over the ruins, Yoo Joonghyuk stared at me with
cold eyes.
I tried my best to hide my panic.
"What does it matter who I take with me?"
Instead of answering, Yoo Joonghyuk started walking back toward me.
An ominous feeling crept up on me. I instinctively felt a sense of crisis.
Now.
[You want to do something unexpected.]
[Describe your own behavior.]
[You have spent 5 probability points.]
[The activation conditions for the exclusive skill '⬜⬜' have been met.]
My writer sense was telling me. I must use it now. If I fail to overcome this crisis, I will die.
[You have exhausted the number of additional entrances to the 'Snowfield'.]
[You will get a probability penalty.]
[You have entered the 'Snowfield'.]
[Describe the next action of 'Cheon Inho'.]
+
# Cheon Inho's Death

「Then, Cheon Inho ⬜
⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜
* At your current skill level, you can write a total of 150 additional characters.
+
[You have received a penalty.]
[You can stay in the 'Snowfield' for a total of 2 minutes.]

The title of the scene was terrible.
'Cheon Inho's Death'.
I quickly began to write a sentence. Roughly, it was about Cheon Inho convincing Yoo
Joonghyuk with his amazing speech, overcoming the crisis and becoming his colleague.
[This story is very unlikely.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 1%.]
[You're running out of probability.]
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
+
rlaehrwk37: Will Yoo Joonghyuk really accept Cheon Inho as his colleague?
+
I guess this was too much.
I decided to play the hidden card I had been saving.
「Then, Cheon Inho said. "Yoo Joonghyuk, you need a reliable companion. You can't break
through the 46th scenario alone. Shouldn't you be well aware of it?"....... (147 characters in
total)」
As I was writing this, I realized that this line could work, because it's exactly what Kim Dokja
said in the original novel.
In other words, it was a cheat key that worked unconditionally.
[This story is out of character.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 3%.]
[You're running out of probability.]
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
+
rlaehrwk81: Have you forgotten who you are?
rlaehrwk37: A Cheon Inho has a Cheon Inho's life.
+
Yes, a Lee Hakhyun has a Lee Hakhyun's life, so let's write it down like Lee Hakhyun.
「Then, Cheon Inho said. "Yoo Joonghyuk. Actually, my name is not Cheon Inho, but Kim
Dokja. I've read all of your novel and......." (149 characters in total)」
[This story is a mess.]

[This story's reproduction success rate is 0.01%.]
「Then, Cheon Inho said. "Respected Yoo Joonghyuk, please make me your subordinate!"......
(148 characters in total)」
[This story is ordinary.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 3%.]
「Then, Cheon Inho said. "Actually, I'm a prophet...... (147 characters in total)」
[You story is impossible anyway.]
[The Snowfield begins to doubt your talent.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 1%.]
Maybe this is the end of a Lee Hakhyun's life.
[There are 10 seconds remaining.]
I remembered Ji Eunyoo's advice one last time.
「Now, what does Yoo Joonghyuk want?」
I closed my eyes and thought about it. And I realized.
[Failed to recreate the scene.]
There's no way I could know that. I can't even understand what he's saying right now, so how can
I know what he wants?
[Leaving the 'Snowfield'.]
[Your creativity has been exhausted. You can no longer enter the 'Snowfield' today.]
The colors returned to the world, and Yoo Joonghyuk's steps began to move again.
I swallowed and kept an eye on the situation. I had failed to recreate the scene, but I wasn't ready
to give up yet.
"There are a lot of weirdos this round, right from the start."
Yoo Joonghyuk's dismal voice echoed through the cold night air.
"They were nothing until the last round, but they all suddenly came up to me and said strange
things as if they were possessed."
I thought I knew what Yoo Joonghyuk was talking about now.
Wait. No way.

"They said that I needed a companion to break through the 46th scenario, or that they were
prophets."
A cold sweat began to run down my back.
Yoo Joonghyuk was smiling with a strange expression.
"There was also one who said he would take me to the end of the world."
"Inho-ssi, step back."
Jung Heewon, who noticed something was strange, stood in front of me, holding the ground rat
knife.
The next moment, Yoo Joonghyuk's figure disappeared.
The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, and I heard the sound of wind blowing in the
distance. It was as if the Grim Reaper was speaking to me from the darkness. It was the
implacable language of death that I could not answer.
[The character 'Jung Heewon' has used 'Kendo Lv.1'!]
Nevertheless, Jung Heewon answered him.
A creaking sound was heard in front of her, and dazzling sparks burst out in all directions.
Jung Heewon's sword, which received Yoo Joonghyuk's spear, was trembling precariously.
"You're good at Kendo. You're a similar type as Lee Jihye."
"Inho-ssi! Who is this person?"
As I looked at the blood dripping from Yoo Joonghyuk's spear pole, I had an eerie feeling.
I wanted to ask him, what happened to all those 'prophets' you met?
"Cheon Inho."
Yoo Joonghyuk turned to me.
"Are you really Cheon Inho?"
[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has used 'Lie Detection Lv.7'!]
His [Lie Detection] is level 7.
Perhaps, this was my last chance.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.3' is strongly activated!]
「I am Cheon Inho.」
[Lie Detection] is basically a skill that responds to 'body language'.
In other words, as long as the acting was perfect, there was a possibility of deceiving it.

"If I'm not Cheon Inho, then who the hell is Cheon Inho. What are you doing?"
My heart was pounding.
And after a while,
[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has confirmed that the statement is true.]
That's it. He'll have no choice but to believe me.
However, Yoo Joonghyuk's expression was strange.
"[Lie Detection] isn't always perfect, in the previous round you lied to me without using [Poker
Face]."
"......."
"Cheon Inho. What was the first thing you decided to do?"
I was speechless for a moment.
"That."
If I made a mistake here, I could be caught by [Lie Detection].
Should I use [Incite] once more? Or—
Yoo Joonghyuk looked at me with an unreadable gaze and said.
"I'll give you a chance."
Yoo Joonghyuk's spear instantly flashed, sending Jung Heewon's sword flying into the air.
Just as Jung Heewon reached out to grab the sword in surprise, Yoo Joonghyuk's spear moved
once more.
The fight was quick to end.
Blood gushed from both her knees, and Jung Heewon, who lost her balance, fell forward.
Yoo Joonghyuk's left hand moved.
"Keok."
He lifted Jung Heewon's neck and moved to the end of the bridge.
Yoo Joonghyuk looked back in my direction and said.
"What I need is the great villain Cheon Inho, 'The One Who Deceived the Stars', the 'Evil
Sophist'."
I don't know why Cheon Inho had such grandioses nicknames, but Yoo Joonghyuk's purpose was
clear.
"If you're really the 'Cheon Inho' I know, prove it."
Yoo Joonghyuk's left hand moved slowly.

Jung Heewon's complexion turned pale as she struggled. Beneath her feet, the hell road of the
Han River, where the ichthyosaur passed, unfolded.
Yoo Joonghyuk asked.
"Is this woman your colleague?"
Yoo Joonghyuk was testing me now.
Was I really the 'Cheon Inho' he remembered?
Jung Heewon was looking at me with trembling eyes.
Perhaps, there was only one way to save her now.
「To be willing to be the villain the protagonist wants.J
I slowly closed my eyes and opened them again. The cold night air rushed into my lungs, and for
a moment, I felt like a different person.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.3' is strongly activated!]
[The synchronization rate with the possessed target is increasing rapidly!]
"Let me make one thing clear."
I said with my trademark mean smile, whispering the secret.
"I don't have any colleagues."
Deep disappointment flashed through Jung Heewon's eyes as she looked at me.
Yoo Joonghyuk nodded.
"That's definitely Cheon Inho."
I let out a breath of relief.
This was the right answer.
I was sure it was.
"Then it wouldn't matter if this woman died."
What?
Yoo Joonghyuk's hand opened wide, and Jung Heewon's body fell down.
I focused all my strength into my legs and flew toward her.
"As expected, you aren't Cheon Inho."
The world spun, and Jung Heewon and I began to plummet down the bridge.
The chilly breeze scratched my cheeks, and I could smell the fishy odor of water.
I looked up at the dizzying sight and saw Yoo Joonghyuk looking down at us from the bridge.

Release your hand and get lost, you son of a bitch.
The next thing I know, the cold water of the Han River assaulted my senses, and my vision
turned black with shock.
And then a message came in.
[The dokkaebi 'Bihyung' has agreed to a 'Stream Contract' with you.]
Author's Note
Don't let go of that hand...

Episode 4. An Unwalked Road (1)
< Episode 4. An Unwalked Road (1) >
Episode 4. An Unwalked Road
「So we are each other's past, each other's future.」
—The Prophet Anna Croft.
*
Just before I collided with the surface, I felt like I was going to lose my mind, even though I had
increased my physique with coins.
[1,800 coins have been invested into 'Physique'.]
[Physique Lv.4 → Physique Lv.10]
[Your physique level has increased dramatically!]
[Your physical durability has increased dramatically!]
[Coin Possessed: 1,800 C]
My body was numb from head to toe from the impact, and my ears were deafening. I could feel
my body temperature dropping rapidly.
It was a message from the constellations that held my fading consciousness together.
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' appreciates your survivability.]
[500 coins have been sponsored.]
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' is sponsoring you!]
[The constellation 'Primordial Cow' is sponsoring you!]
[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' is sponsoring you!]
[The constellation 'Dog Who Threw Himself into the Flames' is sponsoring you!]
[800 coins have been additionally sponsored.]
I also saw the returning animal constellations' modifiers.
[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' likes your heartlessness.]
[300 coins have been sponsored.]
[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' praises your repentance.]
[100 coins have been sponsored.]
Plus the Black Flame Dragon and Jophiel.
I gritted my teeth.
I'll just have to survive here somehow.

[Coins Possessed: 3,500 C]
As I held my breath and calmly scanned my surroundings, I saw Jung Heewon's glimmering
figure.
Completely unconscious, her body was sinking deeper into the water.
I paddled toward her with all my might, but I couldn't save her with my ligament-torn arm. There
was only one option.
I bit her arm hard.
I choked as the river rushed into my mouth. I thought my eyeballs were going to fall out. Still, I
couldn't give up.
If Jung Heewon died here, this round would be over.
Slowly, the strength drained from my body. Even as my breathing faded, I didn't let go of her
arm.
Wake up, please.
It was then that a strong splash of water came from somewhere.
As my breath caught in my throat, I saw a large monster coming toward us from the distance.
An ichthyosaur (魚龍).
7th grade monsters species, sea serpent.
Sharp teeth flashed before my eyes. Then, a pitch-dark silence filled my senses.
*
rlaehrwk25: Missed it
*
"Inho-ssi. Inho-ssi!"
I felt something slap my cheek, and slowly came back to consciousness. The first thing I saw
when I opened my eyes was the blinding flash of a cell phone, and then Jung Heewon's face.
"Heewon-ssi?"
"Ha...... Really."
Jung Heewon breathed a sigh of relief. As I staggered to my feet, the ground suddenly tilted and
shook.
Jung Heewon grabbed my shoulder.
"Be careful, or we'll sink"

The river raged in the darkness.
Upon closer inspection, I realized we were sitting on the remains of a small plastic structure. I
wondered if it was the remains of a sailboat used by the Han River rescue team.
The air was strangely humid. I turned on my phone's flash and saw a wall of crimson above,
below, and to the left.
In the back of my mind, I remembered what happened before I lost consciousness.
We had been eaten by an ichthyousaur.
"You seem happy to have survived. We're about to die."
I threw up water and smiled bitterly.
The light from my cell phone cast the shadows of the two of us against the crimson stomach of
the ichthyosaur.
"Heewon-ssi."
"Never mind."
Jung Heewon spoke without looking in my direction, as if she already knew what I was going to
say.
"Inho-ssi, you're a bit of a weirdo."
"I'm kind of like that."
"You always say weird things."
First I said I loved her, then I said she's not even my colleague.
Jung Heewon must be confused.
If I had a friend like Cheon Inho, I would have cut him off immediately.
"I'm sorry, though. I didn't mean it. I thought he would let Heewon-ssi go if I told him so."
"He's a psychopath, isn't he?"
I thought for a moment before answering.
"That's right."
"A friend?"
"Not a friend."
"I guess he's someone you know."
I nodded lightly.
She was silent for a moment, as if she was thinking about something, and then she spoke up.
"By the way, it hurts. How hard did you bite me?"
A human tooth mark was clearly visible on her right forearm.
Embarrassed, I replied.

"I'm sorry."
"I'm glad you did it, though. I woke up because it really hurt."
"Are you hurt anywhere else? The wound from the fight earlier—"
"It's fine, it's a really shallow cut."
......A shallow cut? From that 'Yoo Joonghyuk'?
"Anyway, what should we do now? We're trapped."
I measured the size of the stomach surrounding us. Fortunately, it didn't seem to be the sea
commander that swallowed Kim Dokja.
"It's for the best. We're safer here than in the Han River."
"What if we melt with its digestive juices?"
"We need to escape before that happens."
"How? We're not Pinocchio."
"Pinocchio?"
"Don't you know?"
"No, I know."
Isn't she talking about the wooden puppet whose nose grows longer every time he lies?
"Well, Pinocchio got eaten by a whale and escaped."
I remembered reading that fairy tale a long time ago.
Jung Heewon seemed to think that we were in a similar situation.
[The constellation 'Long-Nosed Liar" nods.]
I stared at the message blankly, then snapped out of it.
"Let me gather my thoughts for a moment, I think we need to come up with a plan."
"Okay. What should I do?"
"Well..... If you remember how Pinocchio escaped from the whale's stomach, tell me."
"Do you think that will help?"
"Just in case."
Of course, Pinocchio didn't tell us how to escape from an ichthyosaur.
「That will be Omniscient Reader.」
While Jung Heewon was seriously pondering, I closed my eyes and recalled the sequence of how
Kim Dokja escaped from here.
But in order to use this method, I needed someone's help.
'Bihyung.'

Soon, I felt the 'dokkaebi communication' connect.
—Hoo...... So this is how it turned out.
Bihyung sounded dejected.
—I don't know why so many strange things are happening this season.
'Have you considered my offer?'
—I sent you a message saying I'm signing the contract, didn't you get it?
With those words, a window popped up in front of me.
----<Stream Contract Agreement>
1. Incarnation Cheon Inho (hereinafter referred to as gap) will sign a exclusive contract with the
dokkaebi Bihyung (hereinafter referred to as eul) untill all scenarios are completed or until his
death.
......
----It felt strange to see this contract again.
—This is really special, I wasn't going to do it originally.......
It wasn't hard to figure out when Bihyung made up his mind.
Probably, right after seeing the confrontation between Yoo Joonghyuk and me. Judging by the
coins that came in earlier, I guess the constellations watched the confrontation with interest.
I quickly checked Bihyung's contract, checking off the oddities and crossing off the concessions.
—You're pretty good at this, huh?
'Because all contracts are similar.'
In fact, the 'Stream Contract Agreement' looked a lot like the 'Management Contract Agreement'
I always sign.
Suddenly, I remembered my days as a rookie writer, when I was a victim of contract scams.
—The ratio is 8:2. You'll have 8 and I'll have 2.
'That's great by me, but isn't it supposed to be 7:3?'

—I saw how you did back then, so I thought it was okay to give you more.
He was probably worried about losing me to another dokkaebi.
A wise move, but it puts the hilt of the sword in my hands.
'Well, while you're at it, I have one more favor to ask.'
—No more ratio adjustments. This is the best I can do.
'Enough with the ratios, give me the scenario.'
—Scenario?
'There's a hidden scenario here.'
Bihyung was speechless for a moment.
—How do you even know that?
'Does it matter?'
Bihyung sighed again, and muttered something to himself about the Bureau, probability and
sanctions.
—Well, yeah. There's a guy who already received this one.
Someone already received this scenario?
[A new hidden scenario has arrived!]
I checked the scenario window.
+
<Hidden Scenario - Serpent Slayer>
Category: Hidden
Difficulty: B
Clear Conditions: Kill the ichthyosaur 'sea serpent' and escape from its stomach.
Time Limit: 5 days
Reward: 4,000 coins
Failure: Death
+
The reward isn't as good as Kim Dokja's Hidden Scenario, but it's less challenging.

This should be enough to get the injured me and Jung Heewon through.
—No more objections to the contract? Do you need anything else?
'You'll have to give me the right to use the Dokkaebi Bag.'
The 'Dokkaebi Bag'.
In fact, this was the biggest benefit from the 'stream contract'.
Bihyung immediately pulled up the 'Dokkaebi Bag's screen in front of me.
'Don't you have to put up an advertisement?'
—Advertisement?
'Wouldn't you get in trouble if someone found out I was using the Dokkaebi Bag?'
Bihyung spoke bitterly, as if he was worried about something like that.
—It's not illegal, and you're not the only one who benefits from the Dokkaebi Bag, so it doesn't
matter.
In fact, the constellations didn't seem to mind that I was using the Dokkaebi Bag.
[The constellation 'Pig Living in a Brick House' wonders what you'll buy.]
Instead, they seemed to be watching with interest to see what I would buy. It was definitely a
change of pace from the original novel.
Anyway, I've got everything I need.
'Let's sign then.'
[The stream contract has concluded.]
[You have received 1,000 coins as a down payment.]
Plus an unspoken down payment.......
Is Bihyung actually a good guy?
Maybe Kim Dokja, who turned his back on such an honest dokkaebi, was a worse bastard?
—I have to go to another area, so contact me if you need anything.
It seemed that Bihyung had many other areas to pay attention to besides mine.
I was rather relieved.
It could mean that there were many surviving readers in this world.
'Be careful.'

After the 'dokkaebi communication' was cut off, I immediately opened the 'Dokkaebi Bag'.
[The product search function is activated.]
[The product search function is limited to 5 times a day. Anny additional searches will cost 100
coins per search.]
The benefits of the bag are the same as in the original novel.
I made a list in my head of items I wanted to get ahead of time.
Ancient Dragon's Heart, Great Demon' Eyes. There were a few other items I'd created as settings,
but the first thing to search for was this item.
[The related product search is completed.]
The first item Kim Dokja gets in the main novel.
+
*Purest Sword Force (白淸罡氣) - Stock: 0
+
No, it's already sold out?
Apparently, another reader could open the 'Dokkaebi Bag' first and bought it.
"I think Pinocchio."
Suddenly I heard a voice, so I reflexively turned around.
Jung Heewon was muttering something to me with a serious face.
"I wonder if he lied so hard that he grew a very long nose and escaped by blowing a hole in the
whale's stomach?"
I stared at her blankly.
I couldn't believe she was still thinking about Pinocchio.
"That's a good idea."
Jung Heewon narrowed her eyes at my praise.
"It's not."
"No, it's a really good idea. It's kind of what I was going to do."
I opened the 'Dokkaebi Bag' again and searched for the items.
'Mucus of the Hammer Seahorse' and 'Stone Hog's Pointed Thorn'.

Both were items that Kim Dokja purchased to escape from the ichthyosaur.
In the main story, Kim Dokja buys four of each of these items.
I bought eight of each.
[1,600 coins have been consumed.]
I was tempted to look up the other items, but I didn't have the coins to do so right now anyway.
I stuck one of the thorns into my waistband with my ungainly right hand, then handed the
remaining seven thorns and eight mucus bags to Jung Heewon.
"Take these."
Jung Heewon asked in surprise.
"Where did you get all of this from all of a sudden?"
"This is the key to Operation Pinocchio."
"What?"
Again, I can't carry out this operation alone.
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' is looking at you with interest.]
Both my arms are crippled right now.
Therefore, I need someone else to insert the thorns into the stomach wall like Kim Dokja did.
I looked up at the digestive juices throughout the stomach wall and said.
"From now on, think of this thorn as Pinocchio's nose."
Luckily, I could borrow Kim Dokja's wisdom this time.
*
That night, I had a dream.
I wasn't really trying to sleep, more like I passed out for a bit.
Usually, when I have a dream, I say something along the lines of 'what did I dream'. If a pig
appeared, it's a dream of a pig. If a dragon appeared, it's a dream of a dragon.
Well, I suppose you could give this dream a name.
This dream,
「Cheon Inho.」
It was a dream of a Kim Dokja.
Author's Note
The Oldest Dream?

Episode 4. An Unwalked Road (2)
< Episode 4. An Unwalked Road (2) >
In my dream, Kim Dokja called me Cheon Inho. However, when I listened carefully, it sounded
like he was calling me Lee Hakhyun.
No, when I listened again.......
「⬛⬛⬛.」
I'm not sure what he was saying.
But there he was, and I was standing next to him.
We were looking at a very large snowfield.
A snowfield with letters floating on it.
It was so big, it seemed like no matter how much letters there was, they would never be able to
cover it all.
「How long have you been here?」
I may or may not have asked that question.
「A very long time.」
I don't know if that's what Kim Dokja said or not.
As I stared at the snowfield for a while, I noticed something like footprints.
They were human footprints.
As if to test the waters, he gestured at me and started walking along the footprints.
I followed him too.
「This person must have really big feet.」
We walked, overlapping our footprints on top of each other. Occasionally, I'd take a wrong step
and leave a footprint in the wrong place.
「Ah.」
Kim Dokja laughed, and I laughed, too.
「⬛⬛⬛ is going to get angry.」
I could almost hear him saying that.
And I wonder how long we walked.

I don't know why, but the big footprints split into two directions. One big footprint kept moving
forward, and the other big footprint started walking diagonally.
So were there two the persons leaving big footprints from the beginning?
I couldn't be sure.
They were all the same size.
I'm not sure why, but here the owners of the big footprints suddenly became two. So one walked
straight ahead and the other walked diagonally.
I stared at the path of the footprints in front of me, and then tried to follow them for a few steps.
I must have taken a dozen steps.
「It stopped.」
The footprints stopped here.
Where had the owner of these footprints gone?
A strange thought occurred to me as I stared at the footprints.
Perhaps the owner of the footprints was still standing on them.
When I turned around, Kim Dokja was standing tall and looking in my direction.
I waved at him and asked.
「Can I keep walking this way?」
Kim Dokja nodded.
I asked again.
「I might make a mistake like I did before.」
「It's okay.」
「I might make a mess of the snowfield.」
「It doesn't matter.」
Is it really okay?
I wanted to ask again, and again, and again.
Kim Dokja smiled and said something. Unfortunately, I couldn't hear his last words.
「I'll keep watching you.」
It sounded like that.
*
"Inho-ssi! Inho-ssi!"
My whole body ached: the wound in my side throbbed and the pain in my broken left arm was
excruciating.

"You said you weren't going to sleep! It's already started!"
"Uh, sorry."
I must have fallen asleep. I wondered why I had such a fairy tale-like dream,
"Pinocchio wasn't good during the operation either."
I guess it was because I heard about Pinocchio. Kim Dokja's last words still echoed in my head.
When I looked around, the stomach was already pumping out digestive juices.
Jung Heewon was spraying 'Mucus of the Hammer Seahorse' all over my head. My shoulders
slumped as the sticky liquid trickled down.
"Stay still, you said it's safe to apply this."
Jung Heewon smeared her own body with the Mucus of the Hammer Seahorse.
Our plan was simple.
One, smear our entire bodies with mucus to resist the ichthyosaur's digestive juices.
Two, when the digestive juices start spewing, stick a 'Stone Hog's Pointed Thorn' into the
openings.
This is the exact same tactic that Kim Dokja did in the original novel.
The difference is.......
"By the way, who's Kim Dokja?"
"What?"
"You mentioned him in your sleep."
"Oh."
I thought for a moment, then opened my mouth.
"It's just a friend's name."
Jung Heewon asked, squeezing my mucus-covered head.
"Then what about Ji Eunyoo?"
"Did I say that name too?"
"Yes. You asked me to save you."
Did I have a deadline in my dreams?
"It's the name of my editor."
"Your editor?"
I thought it would be okay to be a little honest. I didn't know what Cheon Inho's real job was
anyway. He was probably a swindler or something.
"I used to be a writer."

Still, it's better to be a writer than a swindler.
Jung Heewon asked in surprise.
"Wow, a writer? What kind of books did you write?"
"That...... Do you know web novels?"
"Web novels? Is it like a webtoon?"
"That...... like Lord of the Rings......."
"Oh, Lord of the Rings! I've seen the movies! Is that what you wrote?"
"Well, something similar......."
I don't know why my voice kept getting lower.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is asking you to speak up.]
Easier said than done.
I sighed lightly and said.
"Would you mind not telling the others?"
"Why? I think it's cool."
This is why you shouldn't introduce yourself.
"Let's start with that side first. Hold this and insert one on each opening."
"Maybe because you're a writer you're good at changing the subject."
Jung Heewon grumbled, but stuck the thorns where I pointed.
As expected, the physicality of a main character was truly something else.
There were four openings.
Jung Heewon stuck one thorn into each of the three openings, then closed them tightly to keep
the digestive juices from flowing out.
"There's only one left."
"Let's shove the rest of them into this one opening."
"Is that okay?"
"Yes. It'll probably work better."
The 'Stone Hog's Pointed Thorn' is an item that grows by sucking the fluids of sea species.
Kim Dokja had only used one thorn for each opening.
But in theory, the more thorns you put in an opening, the better.
The more thorns there are, the more thorns will grow at the same time, and the faster the
ichthyosaur will fall.
"One."
Digestive juices gurgled out of the thorn.

The second thorn was inserted, and the ichthyosaur's stomach began to wriggle grotesquely.
It wasn't so easy from the third thorn on. Jung Heewon frowned as she stuck the thorn into the
hole again and again.
"After the third one, it's a bit difficult, can you...... support me from the back?"
"I'd love to, but my arms are like this."
"Support me with your back. Like this."
I stood with my back against Jung Heewon's back. Inhaling and exhaling, she pushed the thorn
with all her might into the opening.
The part we were standing on shook for a moment, but the thorn went in just right.
After taking a breath, Jung Heewon asked.
"Are we done?"
"Yes. Now we just have to wait."
"It's really simple."
The job was done faster than I thought. In the main novel, Kim Dokja even practiced stabbing to
get this done...... Why did he struggle so much anyway?
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' admires your composure.]
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier says it's easy because it's a 'sea serpent'.]
According to my calculations, the time it'll take to subdue the ichthyosaur is half a day to a day.
Considering the number of thorns it has, and the fact that it's smaller than the original, it could go
down sooner than that.
Now it was just a matter of waiting.
I felt a sudden chill rush through me as I relaxed, probably because I was soaking wet from the
river.
Jung Heewon looked at me wistfully as I shivered, then made an unexpected suggestion.
"Shall we stand back to back?"
"If you don't mind, may we?"
"Please sit that way."
We meekly sat back to back. The warmth of Jung Heewon's body transmitted through my back,
and I felt a little less cold.
Jung Heewon asked.
"By the way, how did you come up with this method?"
"It's just something that often appears in web novels."
"You're a writer, I see."
As my back warmed up, I slowly dozed off.

I wish I could use the 'Elaine Forest Essence' sold in the Dokkaebi Bag, but I couldn't right now.
The Elaine Forest Essence recovers your body's wounds completely while you sleep.
I couldn't leave her alone without knowing what would happen.
She kept talking to me as if she knew my condition.
"Tell me something funny."
This was the most embarrassing moment of my life as a writer.
In fact, writers are not very funny people. None of the writers I know are funny.
Still, I managed to squeeze out some dry humor.
"In my novel, there's a character named Jung Heewon."
"What?"
"She looks really strong on the outside, but she's actually a fragile person. She doesn't shy away
from fights because she's a very hard person, so she often breaks."
I thought of the 'Jung Heewon' I knew.
Suddenly, I had a question.
Can I really say that the Jung Heewon I know is the Jung Heewon behind my back now?
I continued.
"She's good at physical work and have a quick mind. When she was in high school, she was
confessed to by junior girls."
"......."
"She's bad at bearing public criticism, but she's good at kendo. She's been going to a kendo
academy since she was a kid."
Jung Heewon, who had been listening until here, clapped her hands. She was genuinely
impressed.
"That's great, you almost got it all right."
Of course I did. Most of it comes from the main novel.
"But the last one is wrong, I never went to a kendo academy, I just went to kendo club at school."
I know. I said that on purpose.
"That's a shame."
"I went to the nationals, and I was elected district representative, but I quit."
"Why?"
"Because of an injury."
This was a story I didn't know.
More accurately, it was a story I hadn't written.

"Injury? Were you hurt badly?"
Jung Heewon was silent for a moment, and then, a beat too late, she answered.
"Yes."
It hit me like a ton of bricks. There must be a story in this world that I didn't write.
I suddenly remembered that Jung Heewon's attribute was 'Crouching Figure'.
How did she become a 'Crouching Figure'?
Originally, 'Crouching Figure' is an attribute that is generated based on the strong mental shock
of an incarnation.
However, Jung Heewon was already a 'Crouching Figure' before she met the Cheoldoo Group.
"Inho-ssi, how did you become a writer?"
"Oh, I..."
I naturally opened my mouth to speak, but I shut up again. An eerie sensation flickered across
my chest.
「How did I become a writer?」
I suddenly couldn't remember.
It was then that the ichthyosaur's stomach wriggled ominously.
I quickly kept my balance and said.
"I think it's about to start."
There was no time for distractions now.
The fight was about to begin.
The ichthyosaur would go down first, or we would go down first?
I took off the shirt I was wearing and used both sleeves to tie Jung Heewon's and my wrists
together.
Jung Heewon asked anxiously.
"Aren't you going to get cold? Ugh!"
The floor vibrated sharply.
The ichthyosaur was twisting its body in pain. The thorns had begun to dig into its body in
earnest.
Author's Note
Meanwhile, there is more.

Episode 4. An Unwalked Road (3)
< Episode 4. An Unwalked Road (3) >
We stood side by side, holding on to one of the thorns.
"You can't pass out!"
"Don't worry!"
I said, but I wasn't sure if my physical strength would hold up.
Normally, I would have used my 'Elaine Forest Essence' to heal my wounds and get moving, but
I was in a hurry now that I'd lost [Purest Sword Force].
The sooner I could get out of here and get the other hidden pieces, the safer I would be.
Especially if this world is the one I think.
What happened to Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi? I need to tell them about the 'Yoo
Joonghyuk' I saw as soon as possible.
My eyelids kept dropping.
I don't know how many times I blacked out and woke up again.
"Wake up!"
Jung Heewon pinched my waist with her left arm.
"Inho-ssi!"
"Ah."
The ichthyosaur's movements had slowed down. The crimson-colored stomach walls had turned
almost grayish white.
"I think it's done. Just a little more to go......."
It was then that something unexpected happened.
I heard a sound like a wind leak from somewhere, and a large, sharp set of teeth appeared, slicing
through the guts from the outside.
I instinctively screamed.
"Hold your breath!"
The black river rushed in through the cracks.
We clung to each other's arms and were swept away into the Han River.
[An error has occurred in the hidden scenario.]

[The hidden scenario was partially completed.]
Something attacked the ichthyosaur, targeting the 'stomach'.
The gut of the torn ichthyosaur scattered in the dark river. Through the swirling blood, two
hideous eyes glared at me.
A monster twice as large as the one that had devoured us.
I recognized it immediately.
The ichthyosaur that swallowed Kim Dokja.
Sea-commander.
My heart sank as I saw the sea commander charging to devour us and Jung Heewon's horrified
expression.
「Jung Heewon is going to die.」
From the first scenario to being eaten by the ichthyosaur, what I did ran through my head like a
movie.
How I had changed the story with the arrogance of writing the original.
I shouldn't have rehabilitated the Cheoldoo Group.
I shouldn't have gone out looking for Kim Dokja or Yoo Joonghyuk.
「Are you really Cheon Inho?」
It would have been better if I had been killed by Jung Heewon while pretending to be a villain
like in the original novel. Then she would have awakened safely as the 'Judge of Destruction'.
She would have survived.
I began to untie the knot on my right arm with my teeth.
Jung Heewon looked back at me in horror.
When I finished, I felt rather at peace.
「This is a fitting end for the villain Cheon Inho.」
My body slowly sank beneath the water, along with the loose knot.
Bubbles of air flowed out of Jung Heewon's mouth as she shouted something at me.
I saw the sea commander opening his mouth at me and Jung Heewon reaching for me.
In my fading consciousness, I heard the tick, tick, tick of time stopping.
[A new day has begun.]
[Your creativity has been recharged.]
I realized what was about to happen.
[The character 'Jung Heewon' wants to do something unexpected.]
[The exclusive skill '⬜⬜' is activated!]
[You have entered the 'Snowfield'.]

Looking at the blank space in front of me, a bitter laugh escaped from his dwindling
consciousness.
Damn it. I'm supposed to write until I die.
+]
# Jung Heewon's Awakening

「Jung Heewon
⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜
* At your current skill level, you can write a total of 180 additional characters.
+
[You can stay in the 'Snowfield' for a total of 4 minutes.]
I looked at the first sentence of the blank line.
「Jung Heewon.」
I wonder if it's okay if I keep writing.
[There are 3 minutes remaining.]
For some reason, I was not confident. Something was different from Kim Cheolyang and Bang
Cheolsoo.
I remembered how I felt as a child when I received my first manuscript.
As I looked at the vague blank page, I naturally remembered the snowy landscape I saw with
Kim Dokja.
In my dream, Kim Dokja said.
「It's dazzling.」
He said.
「Anything can become a reality in this place.」
It snowed heavily from the sky, and we lay side by side in the snow and looked back at the
footprints we walked together. Before I knew it, the footprints were hard to see.
「Because no one remembers what they were.」
I don't remember if he said that.
But the spot where I laid with Kim Dokja was strangely comfortable and warm. If I could, I
wanted to stay there forever, curled up in a tight ball and writing nothing.
Nevertheless, I couldn't.
Because I am a writer.

「Jung Heewon remembered that day」
If I don't write, I can't live.
「for the first time in a long time.」
So I wrote the sentence.
I chose words like I would choose clothes for Jung Heewon, and I chose endings like I would
choose shoes for her.
I imagined her wearing those shoes, walking down a road that no one remembers.
[This story might be possible.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 50%.]
[Current Accumulated Probability: 10]
[You can increase the reproduction success rate by investing more probability.]
'I'll do it.'
[You have spent 10 probability points.]
[You can write an additional 160 characters.]
I continued to write sentence after sentence.
Would these lies I wrote save her life.
I don't know.
But I had to try everything I could.
[This story is plausible.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 88%.]
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
'Yes.'
There were three comments this time.
+
rlaehrwk37: Cheer up
rlaehrwk61: Cheer up
rlaehrwk99: Cheer up
+
I thought, my mouth open in disbelief.
Thank you.
[Successfully recreating the scene.]
[Leaving the 'Snowfield'.]

Time began to pass again. My breathing unraveled, and weak bubbles escaped my mouth.
I didn't write about whether I would survive; there was no room for that.
But I did write at least one thing for sure.
「Jung Heewon remembered that day for the first time in a long time.」
That you, who live this story, will surely survive.
「'Heewon, you're too aggressive. This is a sport. You can't really hurt your opponent.'」
「'This month alone, three people have quit because of you. There's a kid with a broken arm. If
you continue like this, I won't be able to keep protecting you.'」
A pure white light emanated from Jung Heewon's body.
「Jung Heewon couldn't quite understand the couch's words. Wasn't the sword made to kill
opponents?」
Kim Dokja once said. He said that he likes the moment a character's attribute blossoms the most.
「Isn't it more strange if you don't get hurt while fighting with a sword?」
Now I agree with Kim Dokja.
[The attribute of the character 'Jung Heewon' is blossoming.]
I couldn't put it any other way.
The figure of Jung Heewon, who is now cutting through the tide and approaching, is truly
dazzling.
Her hot hands grabbed my hands strongly. I felt my body being firmly anchored.
Jung Heewon looked back at the sea commander as she clutched the ground rat knife.
Riding the rapids, she swooped toward the sea commander as if she had wings.
[The character 'Jung Heewon' has used 'Kendo Lv.3'!]
[The character 'Jung Heewon' has used 'Demon Slaying Lv.2'!]
No matter how strong Jung Heewon is, she can't defeat a sea commander with just [Kendo] and
[Demon Slaying].
But I wrote that it is possible. So it should be possible.
It will be possible.
「Jung Heewon wanted to ask the couch.」
It is possible.
「'Is it okay to kill this thing?'」
In my fading consciousness, the words were slurred.

Somewhere in the distance, I could hear Jung Heewon's shout.
「The dormant senses in her soul were awakening.」
In the blink of an eye, the ground rat sword broke through the spray and plunged into the sea
commander's left eye. The bleeding sea commander howled wildly.
Jung Heewon didn't stop and pulled the thorn from my waistband. The sea commander's tail cut
through the water and grazed her waist.
The enormous impact jolted the view.
She squinted her bloodshot eyes, clutched me tightly with one arm, and drove the thorn into the
ichthyosaur's tail.
「'This is not a sport.'」
That was a sentence I didn't write.
「'If I don't kill this monster, someone else will die.'」
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier agrees with incarnation 'Jung Heewon's will.]
And a message came from somewhere.
[The constellation 'Nail-Eating-Rat' agrees with incarnation 'Jung Heewon's will.]
The light emanating from her body grew stronger and stronger.
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' agrees with incarnation 'Jung Heewon's will.]
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' agrees with incarnation 'Jung Heewon's will.]
[The constellation 'Pig Living in a Brick House' agrees with incarnation 'Jung Heewon's will.]
[The constellation 'Primordial Cow' agrees with incarnation 'Jung Heewon's will.]
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' agrees with incarnation 'Jung Heewon's will.]
.......
I felt an invisible Libra tilting.
[All constellations in the channel agree to the use of the skill.]
['Hour of Judgment' has been activated.]
Hour of Judgment.
A skill that grants invincibility when activated against the wicked.
However, the enemy in front of us was a monster.
[The attribute of the character 'Jung Heewon' has blossomed to 'Demon Slaying Judge (Hero)'.]
With a dazzling flash of light, a blood-colored aura enveloped Jung Heewon's body.
Demon Slaying (滅魔) Judge.
Surely, there was such an attribute. It was one of the three great judges' attributes, but it hadn't

appeared in the main story.
It wasn't a class that specialized in hand-to-hand combat like the Judge of Destruction, but it was
an indestructible hero class that increased its combat power many times against monsters.
[You have contributed greatly to the blossoming of the attribute 'Crouching Figure'!]
[The character 'Jung Heewon' won't hesitate to be your sword in the future.]
With an eerie trajectory, the thorn moved forward and stabbed the sea commander's body.
Jung Heewon stabbed and stabbed and stabbed at the sea commander like a madman. From the
tail, to the body, to the neck, to the crown.
When she finally stabbed the second eye, it jerked as if it had been electrocuted, and then went
limp.
Its lifeless body floated to the surface of the Han River.
Jung Heewon, with me on her back, soared into the sky on the back of the sea commander.
Along with the rushing river, I could see the ruined city of Seoul.
Smoke rising from everywhere. Collapsed buildings, and the indifferent moon hanging over the
ruins of civilization.
The destruction I wrote became the landscape.
「'Dazzling.'」
Looking at the landscape of the end of the world as we knew it, Jung Heewon was thinking the
same thing I was.
Perhaps this was the landscape that Kim Dokja and Jung Heewon shared.
['Hour of Judgment' has ended.]
And now I was looking at that astounding world with her.
Jung Heewon, who had landed on the ground with me on her back, fell forward.
In the distance, I could see a poisonous mist rolling in.
I tied another knot in her arm, then dragged her to the basement of a nearby building to hide.
[You have bought 2 'Elaine Monkey's Lungs'.]
I popped a lung into Jung Heewon's mouth, and I popped a lung into mine.
Starlight streamed in from the basement window. It was a little cold, and strangely, my heart
didn't stop pounding.
The night of destruction was long.
I looked at Jung Heewon as she slept and thought long and hard about the lies I had written and
would write in the future.
*
On the Han River, in the solitary moonlight.
The dead sea commander's stomach lurched several times, and then a figure crawled out of the
faded scales.

"Ha, I almost died. Really."
She brushed the blood off her coat and looked around, sighing softly.
"That's the first time I've ever had a scenario stolen from me, by the way. What an asshole."
But there was no one to hear her.
Well, there was one.
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' chuckles and says this place is a bit unusual.]
"What are you laughing at, dude. Why do you have that modifier?"
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' asks what's wrong with his modifier.]
"What about the others?"
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' says not yet.]
She pursed her lips lightly, as if in disbelief, and sighed deeply again.
After a moment, she looked up, an odd smile tugging at the corners of her mouth.
"Well, it's my first scenario in a long time."
Her eyes sparkled intensely for a moment as she stared off into space, searching for a star
somewhere in the night sky.
"I'm going to live for myself first."
Author's Note
Gasp

Episode 5. Villain (1)
< Episode 5. Villain (1) >
Episode 5. Villain
「Kim Dokja is the real mastermind」
—Comment from chapter 516 of Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint
*
When a person faints frequently, there comes a moment when they realize that they are fainting.
If Ji Eunyoo, the editor in charge, had heard me, she would have said, "If you know that, you
haven't fainted", putting me in a state of philosophical tension. But fortunately, Ji Eunyoo was
not here.
So, to put it simply,
「I have fainted now.」
At this rate, I'm probably going to faint more than Kim Dokja, the "fainting man", so that's not
good.
I forced my eyes open.
It was pitch black.
I hadn't woken up yet. I blinked hard, again and again, but all I could see was darkness.
Something about this darkness felt familiar.
And the feel of the chair against my back. The comfort of my arms on the armrests.
This was a theater.
To be precise, it looked a lot like the theater where 'Kim Dokja's Banquet' took place.
When I casually glanced to the side, there were children sitting in the empty seats.
I wondered if they were watching a movie as a group, but when I looked closer, I saw that they
were all Kim Dokja.
I felt a chill down my spine.
I was thinking about Kim Dokja too much.
Is that why I'm having this crazy dream?
I rubbed my eyes and looked around again.
I looked again, and they were indeed kkoma Kim Dokjas.
They didn't seem to notice me at all, and most of them were looking ahead, yawning, or doing

something else.
I couldn't figure out what I was dreaming about, both symbolically and metaphorically.
「"Oh, shit, this is crazy, this is ridiculous."」
A voice came from the screen, as if echoing my thoughts.
I looked at the screen along the Kim Dokjas. A movie had been playing there for some time.
「"Ahjussi! Wake up!"」
Through the pile of rubble, I could see the faces of Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi.
I had a rough idea of what was going on. It must have happened right after I fell off the Dongho
Bridge.
After spitting out the dirt in his mouth, Dansoo ahjussi asked.
「"What happened to Inho-ssi?"」
As soon as he woke up, Dansoo ahjussi looked for me.
The first colleague I met.
I could tell by his expression: he was genuinely worried about me.
「"I don't know."」
Kyung Sein said, shaking her head helplessly.
「"Heewon-nim is gone, too."
"I remember Inho-ssi pushing us, but......."
"Maybe he was trying to save us."」
The two began to search the area, as if looking for any trace of me, and it wasn't long before they
spotted something in the collapsed ruins.
「"I think there was a fight here. Could it be a monster?"
"There is a monster......."」
Seeing the body of the poisonous rhinoceros, Kyung Sein's expression hardened.
「At that moment, she realized what had happened.」
Her voice trembled slightly as she continued.
「"I think Inho-ssi and Heewon-nim met Yoo Joonghyuk."
"Yoo Joonghyuk?"
"I think he's left now."
"Do you think Inho-ssi went with him?"
"I don't think so...... There are traces of someone fighting here."

"A fight?"
"I think so. I think Yoo Joonghyuk might have attacked them first......."
"Then Inho-ssi and Heewon-ssi—"
After a moment of silence, Kyung Sein said as if determined.
「"I'm sure they're not dead. You know Inho-ssi isn't just a regular reader."」
Kyung Sein glanced toward the tunnel leading to Geumho Station.
「In fact, she was already awake when Yoo Junghyuk passed by her. But she didn't move
immediately. That's because her skill [Sixth Sense] warned her. 」
She had such a skill.
「[Sixth Sense] was telling her. If you wake up now, you will surely die. So Kyung Sein kept
pretending to faint until Yoo Joonghyuk's presence completely disappeared.」
If she had moved then, she might have really died.
Looking toward the direction of Dongho Bridge, where Jung Heewon and I had fallen, Kyung
Sein clenched her fists and spoke.
「"For now, I think we should return to Geumho Station."
"But Inho-ssi is still......."
"If Inho-ssi and Heewon-nim are alive, they'll go there too. We don't know what's around, so it's
dangerous for us to stay here by ourselves."
"......."」
Ahjussi had lingering eyes, but Kyung Sein's judgment was correct. The two of them would
certainly have a hard time when they couldn't even catch a single ground rat.
「"You saw the dead one-horned rhinoceros, it's impossible for us to find the two of them on our
own. We should come back with the Cheoldoo Group...... if they're still alive."
Suddenly, I realized I could trust her in my absence.
She knew exactly what resources we had. I also liked the fact that she didn't forget to check.
The determined kkoma Kim Dokja was smiling subtly, as if he liked that fact.
The girl knows what she's doing.
「There is one thing Kyung Sein must do first. Prevent Yoo Junghyuk from destroying the
Cheoldoo Group.」
At best, I've incited Bang Cheolsoo to remove the danger from Geumho Station. We can't let that
crazy Yoo Joonghyuk destroy our peaceful Geumho Station.
Dansoo ahjussi finally agreed, and the two of them hurried to Geumho Station.
Along the way, when they encountered a group of ground rats, they ran away from them, and

when one appeared, they bravely fought it off.
I wonder how long they ran like that.
Finally, Geumho Station appeared in front of them.
Kyung Sein stood against the tunnel wall, stopping Dansoo ahjussi from entering the station.
「"Wait."」
Sharing her vision, I felt a chill in the pit of my stomach.
A black coat fluttered in the light breeze.
「There was Yoo Joonghyuk.」
Yoo Joonghyuk looked up and down Geumho Station, then tilted his head in disbelief.
「"A total of 134 people. That's strange. How did so many survive?"」
That psychopathic bastard. If a lot of people surived, you should be glad.
Apparently, a man at Geumho Station was thinking the same thing.
「"Who are you?"」
The men walked toward Yoo Joonghyuk with a stern expression. It was the Cheoldoo Group.
「"I'm asking you, who are you?"」
In exactly three steps, the man's limbs twisted and he fell to the ground.
At least Kim Dokja and I were in good shape, but we were beaten up after making a statement.
When I looked over, I saw that kkoma Kim Dokja had a insidious grin on his face.
「"Kyaaaak!"
"W-what's going on!"」
As the man screamed, Bang Cheolsoo and the rest of the Cheoldoo Group, who had noticed the
commotion, rushed over.
Thanks to my training, Bang Cheolsoo didn't lunge at him spitting profanities, but instead asked
calmly.
「"Who do you think you are? This is our territory."
"Bang Cheolsoo. Are you the leader?"」
Bang Cheolsoo thought for a moment.
I wondered if he was already gauging the angle of betrayal.
「"Our leader is a man named Cheon Inho."」
Luckily, he didn't betray me, but it didn't make things any better.

「"Cheon Inho has already taken over."」
Yoo Joonghyuk started to misunderstand. He shook his head a few times, then looked around as
if he had the whole situation figured out.
「"Cheon Inho is already dead. The marginalized group can come out in peace. I'll show you how
to get food from now on."」
But none of the people moved, just stared at Yoo Joonghyuk with fear in their eyes and stepped
back. Some of them were shocked to hear that I was dead.
Yoo Joonghyuk spoke again.
「"I said the marginalized group to come out."
"There is no such thing as a marginalized group. What are you talking about?"
"Shut up."」
Under Yoo Joonghyuk's grip, Bang Cheolsoo's body fell to the ground. Yoo Joonghyuk crushed
the wriggling Bang Cheolsoo with his foot. He looked at the people of the station and said.
「"No one will bother you anymore. There's no need to follow them."
"Kuk, my......."
"The scenarios ahead will not be easy. If you don't move now, you'll live as slaves forever."」
This was Yoo Joonghyuk's first encounter with the people of Geumho Station.
It was unexpected. He must have seen the same scene and said the same words dozens of times.
By the way, that bastard Yoo Joonghyuk talks like an army instructor on an incomplete topic.
I looked over and saw kkoma Kim Dokja nodding his head.
Somehow, I thought I'd like this kkoma.
「"You won't be this lucky in the future. Those of you who want to survive, move forward right
now—"
"Let him go!」
I wondered if there was a kkoma Kim Dokja over there, too, but it wasn't him but a girl I didn't
recognize.
A woman who appeared to be the girl's mom came running out and quickly hugged her.
「"Da-Dayoung! Don't do that!"
"But that bad guy is bullying Cheolsoo ahjussi!"」
Suddenly, I remembered who the mother and daughter were.
Aka 'Dayoung and her mother'.
There were definitely people like that in Geumho Station.
A member of the marginalized group who fought against the 'mainstream group' in the main
story of 'Omniscient Reader'.

Dayoung shouted.
「"Cheolsoo ahjussi didn't do anything wrong! Why are you bullying him!"」
Dayoung's mom quickly hid her behind her. But her daughter's cries moved her.
Finally, Dayoung's mom spoke up.
「"Why are you doing this? What do you want?"」
Yoo Joonghyuk's eyebrows shot up at her words.
「"You still haven't come to your senses. Did Cheon Inho threaten you? I already said he's dead."
"I wasn't threatened. I don't know what the hell you're talking about......."
"He took away your food. He used you as slaves, and he sent suicide commandos on the ground
in the name of scouting. And you're going to forgive him for that?"」
With those words, Yoo Joonghyuk kicked Bang Cheolsoo on the floor once more.
Dayoung's mother couldn't take it anymore, so she pulled him to his feet. Bang Cheolsoo
lowered his head in shame.
As Dayoung's mother looked at his injured face and then looked back at Yoo Joonghyuk as if she
had decided something.
「"I don't know what you're talking about. Cheolsoo-ssi didn't do that. He gave us food."
"He gave you food?"」
Yoo Joonghyuk stopped and looked around, suddenly realizing that something was wrong with
the atmosphere at the station.
「"What do you mean?"
"It's exactly what it sounds like."」
With Dayoung's mother words, the people behind her began to chime in.
「"Cheolsoo-ssi was taking care of us."
"That's right! You don't even know what he was doing, asshole!"
"Cheolsoo-ssi, come here, you didn't do anything wrong!"」
These were all people who we gave food to.
Bang Cheolsoo cried as he was supported by the crowd.
It was then that someone asked.
「"Hey, what do you mean Cheon Inho-ssi is dead?"」
Yoo Joonghyuk took a moment to answer.
「"It is as I said."

"Did you kill him?"」
Dayoung's mother asked, and Yoo Joonghyuk didn't answer. Dayoung's mother lameted in a
mutter.
「"Why would you do that...... After the first scenario, he was the only one who cared about us,
and I thought enough terrible things had already happened........"」
People glared at Yoo Joonghyuk and started chattering.
When Yoo Joonghyuk slowly raised his head to face them, the frightened crowd took a couple
steps back.
The Cheoldoo Group filled their spots. Nervously, they each grabbed a pipe and stepped forward
to protect the people.
They looked ready to fight if Yoo Joonghyuk charged at them at any moment.
「"Leave!"」
Dayoung shouted, pointing at Yoo, and the crowd chanted in unison.
「"Get lost! Get lost!"
"Get out of our station now!"
"Bring back Inho-ssi!"」
The people shouted.
Yoo Joonghyuk glanced down at the small box of snacks that flew toward him.
Perhaps he had seen the people of this station many times.
He had saved them, killed them, taught them, and rejected them.
And he had given them up.
「Yoo Joonghyuk looked around wordlessly.」
I couldn't tell what he was thinking.
I just prayed that he wouldn't suddenly go crazy and kill everyone.
I don't know how much time passed.
Yoo Joonghyuk slipped his hand into his chest.
Author's Note
Please save them

Episode 5. Villain (2)
< Episode 5. Villain (2) >
The men nervously stepped back, expecting him to pull out a weapon.
But what Yoo Joonghyuk took out was something unexpected.
「"It's highly unlikely."」
He placed two small beads on top of a crumpled snack box.
「"But if a man named Cheon Inho comes, give him these."」
Soon, darkness swallowed Yoo Joonghyuk's black coat, and his shadow disappeared.
I felt a shiver run down my spine.
Suddenly, I wanted to ask the kkoma Kim Dokja next to me, are you feeling the same way?
When I turned around, he was looking at me. His eyes widened in disbelief, and his mouth
twitched at me.
You are not supposed be here.
At that moment, I felt someone grab me by the nape of the neck and pull me away. The screen
turned off in front of my eyes, and my consciousness blackened with it.
However, even as my consciousness faded, I vividly remember the last thing I saw.
The kkoma's name tag pinned to his chest. The name tag clearly said so.
Kim Dokja 37.
*
"He's awake!"
With a bright phone flash, my vision gradually returned.
The hard floor of the platform. People huddled around, peering at me.
I groaned softly and blinked my eyes open.
"Inho-ssi!"
Kyung Sein tearfully grabbed my shoulder. Beside her, I could see Dansoo ahjussi nodding his
head in approval, and Bang Cheolsoo with black eyes.
I groaned and pushed myself up.

"Heewon-ssi is—"
I turned my head and saw Jung Heewon with her eyes tightly closed.
Kyung Sein sobbed and said.
"Heewon-nim carried Inho-ssi on her back. We were going to send a rescue team, but......."
The words I couldn't read were written all over her body. Countless scars on her forearms and
scorched knees. Dirt covered her entire body.
Jung Heewon had walked all this way carrying me on her back.
"Don't worry. I gave you first aid. The big wound is almost healed."
Then I realized that I felt fine. It was strange. I was definitely on the verge of death.
As if she noticed my desbelief, Kyung Sein said.
"I fed the two of you 'Elaine Forest's Essence'."
"Ah."
"Yoo Joonghyuk...... gave it to us."
I remembered the scene I saw in my dream earlier. The scene where Yoo Joonghyuk left
something on the floor.
I guess it wasn't a dream after all.
But when I thought about it, it was funny. Even though he's the one who hurt Jung Heewon and
I, he gave us medicine.
「"Don't forget what you're supposed to do. Don't make me regret hiring a scumbag like you."」
It's probably because he thought I was useful.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is shaking their head.]
I guess my rehabilitation project wasn't a total failure after all.
Bang Cheolsoo seems pretty happy.
Dansoo ahjussi briefly explained what happened after I disappeared. Most of it was what I had
seen on the theater's screen.
"What exactly happened on your side? Did you really fight Yoo Joonghyuk?"
I sighed lightly and began to tell Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi what had happened.
From the time I pushed the two of them when I sensed danger, to the time the poisonous
rhinoceros broke through the tunnel, to the time Yoo Joonghyuk single-handedly chopped it to
pieces.
"Isn't Yoo Joonghyuk kind of...?"

When Yoo Joonghyuk and Jung Heewon fought.
"Wow, Yoo Joonghyuk, I didn't see him that way, but that was cowardly. Honestly, fighting at
this time is too unfavorable for Heewon-nim."
To when I got eaten by an ichthyosaur while trying to save Jung Heewon.
"Where have I seen that story before?"
When I signed a contract with Bihyung in the ichthyosaur.
"Mate, you're not Kim Dokja, are you?"
My plan with Jung Heewon to escape from the ichthyosaur.
"I should have been there!"
How Jung Heewon awakened when we were escaping.
"How in the world did that happen......."
"Heewon-nim awakened to what?"
After explaining that much, I felt like Yoo Joonghyuk, who had repeated the same story over and
over again.
"Anyway, that's what happened."
"You really struggled. Good job."
"Inho-ssi, you must have gotten a lot of rewards......."
It was only when I saw Kyung Sein asking with shining eyes that I remembered the rewards.
[There are currently 3 unclaimed rewards.]
[You can claim the hidden scenario 'Serpent Slayer' reward.]
[You can claim hidden scenario 'Commander Slayer' reward.]
[You can claim the constellations' sponsorship reward.]
There really were a lot of unclaimed rewards. But right now, I had more urgent matters to attend
to.
"By the way, have you two been in contact with Yoo Joonghyuk?"
"Eh? No. We just saw him from afar."
Apparently, the quick-witted Kyung Sein had used her [Sixth Sense] to avoid an encounter with
Yoo Joonghyuk. And Dansoo ahjussi, who was next to him, seemed to have benefited from it as
well.
I added, somewhat relieved.

"Good job, you must never contact Yoo Joonghyuk in the future."
Kyung Sein tilted her head at my words, but then nodded as if she understood.
"I see what you mean. I honestly thought I could get away with talking him down, but when I
saw him in person I realized he's really crazy. And Kim Dokja is even crazier for barging in on
him like that."
Well said.
I don't think these two will do anything unexpected. However, Dansoo ahjussi's expression is
strange.
"Is he really such a bad guy?"
"What?"
"I just suddenly had that thought. Even though he did hurt Inho-ssi...... In fact, from Yoo
Joonghyuk's point of view, Cheon Inho has always been a villain."
That's fair.
We're seeing Yoo Joonghyuk for the first time, but Yoo Joonghyuk has already met Cheon Inho
in the last round. So from his point of view, it might be natural to antagonize me.
"Jiyoon always said, Yoo Joonghyuk's actually a nice guy, and I'll definitely marry him."
Ahjussi said, as if approving of his future son-in-law.
"After all, he gave us the Elaine something, since he's the main character I don't see why he
should be treated so badly......."
Common sense tells me not to listen to Dansoo ahjussi.
It would have been the case if this world was the 'Omniscient Reader' that we know.
"Do you remember why we went to the Oksu Station?"
He nodded.
"We didn't meet Yoo Sangah, Lee Gilyoung, Lee Hyunsung or Han Myungoh."
"Oh, come to think of it......."
"Do you know what that means?"
Dansoo ahjussi still looked unsure. But Kyung Sein's expression was hardening a little.
I decided to make it easy for him.
"This is not the 「Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint」 we know."
"What do you mean?"
"To be more precise, this isn't just any 'Omniscient Reader'. The <Kim Dokja's Company> that

we know won't exist here."
Dansoo ahjussi, who had finally realized the situation, opened his mouth. Kyung Sein's eyes
widened in shock.
"This is......."
"We're in 'Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World'."
「Three Ways to Survive in a Ruined World」.
The work-inside-the-work (作中作) of Omniscient Reader and the 3,149 chapters novel read by
the protagonist Kim Dokja. We are now in that ruined novel.
Kyung Sein stammered.
"H-How do you know that, Inho-ssi?"
"Because I saw Yoo Joonghyuk's Attribute Window."
"Do you have [Character List] or something like that?"
"Yes. I happened to get it."
Kyung Sein looked at me with a blank face, then at ahjussi, then at Bang Cheolsoo flirting with
Dayoung's mother in the distance, then suddenly became contemplative and said.
"Wait, then...... This Yoo Joonghyuk isn't in the third round?"
"Exactly."
In other words, the Yoo Joonghyuk of this world is not the Yoo Joonghyuk we know from
'Omniscient Reader'.
As if thinking of something, Kyung Sein's expression suddenly changed.
"Wait a minute. Now that I think about it, isn't that a good thing? If he had regressed more, he
would grow faster, right? In fact, the 1,863th round Yoo Joonghyuk was so strong that he
became an outher god."
Dansoo ahjussi chimed in as if he'd remembered something.
"The man who reached the end of the world...... The one who became a god himself...... I
remember that too. I'm pretty sure Jiyoon had that glued on the front of her desk. The Sneaking
Schemer......."
"Secretive Plotter. Anyway, Inho-ssi. Isn't it too early to assume the worst yet?"
Certainly, the Yoo Joonghyuk of 'Ways of Survival' could have been stronger than the Yoo
Joonghyuk of the original.
In fact, after 1,863 regressions, Yoo Joonghyuk becomes strong enough to reach the 'Final Wall'
alone.
Even if he didn't necessarily passed 1,863 rounds, Yoo Joonghyuk's combat power becomes
exponentially stronger in the second half.
The problem is.

"That's on the second half of his regressions."
It would have been better if it was the second half, or even the last part.
In the main novel, there is also a scene where Kim Dokja enslaves Yoo Joonghyuk in the 1,863rd
round.
While I wouldn't have been able to feed him soil like Kim Dokja, I would have tried something
similar.
But in this round, there was no chance of that.
It was something I could say because I met him face to face.
"This round doesn't work in our favor, because this round's Yoo Joonghyuk is the worst Yoo
Joonghyuk ever."
"The worst Yoo Joonghyuk? How many times have he regressed?"
Throughout the entirety of 「Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint」, there is one Yoo Joonghyuk who
makes everyone shiver.
If you possess someone in 'Ways of Survival', you should never get close to him, no matter what.
I remembered the lines of the Shin Yooseung's who came as a disaster in the third round.
「"You, who wanted to be acknowledged by Yoo Joonghyuk, died in the sea you loved so much.
You were horribly slaughtered by the Japanese who hated your sponsor....... Do you know what
Yoo Joonghyuk said after losing you?"」
"In the future, sea battles will be a bit difficult."
Kyung Sein's eyes widened at my words.
I continued.
「"You saved the lives of countless people and protected Yoo Joonghyuk to the end. Then you
were hit with the breath of the iron blood dragon and scattered into a handful of ashes. Do you
know what Yoo Joonghyuk said then?"」
"I lost a bad shield."
Those lines were Yoo Joonghyuk's dark story, one of the best in 'Ways of Survival'.
Finally realizing what I was talking about, Kyung Sein's lips trembled.
"It's not true, is it, Inho-ssi? Please, please tell me it's not."
Perhaps, only in this world line, Yoo Joonghyuk could never be said to be a better man than
Cheon Inho.
A man who sacrificed all his colleagues, even turned them into disasters, just to end this <Star
Stream>.
「What Yoo Joonghyuk did was worse than murder. Thousands of years. This period of time was

enough to make a person collapse and their ego to wear down. Shin Yooseung endured all that
time and finally became a 'disaster'.」
I blinked slowly, recalling the round's number I had seen in Yoo Joonghyuk.
"This world's Yoo Joonghyuk is the '41st round'."
The Yoo Joonghyuk of this world is the worst villain in the universe, one who exterminated all
his colleagues.
Author's Note
So scary

Episode 5. Villain (3)
< Episode 5. Villain (3) >
After realizing that this world was the '41st round' of Ways of Survival, Kyung Sein slowly
dropped to the ground and began to do planks.
Dansoo ahjussi was speechless for a while, as if he hadn't realized what was happening yet.
I didn't stop them and waited for a while.
I could hear Kyung Sein counting.
"Nine, ten, eleven......."
In the distance, I saw Bang Cheolsoo talking to Dayoung's mother.
"Cheolsoo-ssi, how come you're so fearless and brave?"
"Haha, the life I've lived is a little different than most people."
Suddenly, I wanted to slap Bang Cheolsoo on the back of the head.
"Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty...... Inho-ssi."
"Yes."
"What do we do now?"
Apparently, no amount of planking could give him an answer, because he collapsed to the floor.
I helped him to his feet.
"It's okay, there's Dansoo ahjussi and Sein-ssi. And Sein-ssi said you've read Omniscient
Reader's Encyclopedia or something like that ten times."
"What's the point of reading that? This is not Omniscient Reader, it's Ways of Survival. The 41st
round is barely mentioned in the novel. The only thing that is mentioned is......."
I know. It's all about how bad Yoo Joonghyuk was.
Just because this world is the 41st round, some of the methods Kim Dokja used are now
obsolete.
"Still, we can't give up yet. It's still early in the scenario."
"But it's the 41st round! Yoo Joonghyuk is a scumbag!"
Dansoo ahjussi, who finally realized the seriousness of the situation, muttered his daughter's
name.
Suddenly, memories of the days when I was writing my manuscript came back to me.
When I was writing the 'Disaster of Floods' episode, in which the Shin Yooseung from the 41st

round was a disaster, I received a letter from a reader at the management office.
Yoo Joonghyuk can't be such a bad guy. Honestly, 41st round Yoo Joonghyuk is a plot hole,
please fix it immediately.
It was a letter that said something like that.
At the time, I thought, 'Who are you, asshole?' But now that I think about it, the reader was right.
I should have just fixed it then.
"He'll become trashier and trashier, but maybe he's not irredeemable yet. Even in Omniscient
Reader, Yoo Joonghyuk was a psychopath at first. He changed later on, so maybe there's a
chance for him here."
You can't rewrite people, but you can rewrite characters.
It's funny that I'm defending a guy who tried to kill me, but I'm not going to lose hope yet.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is looking at you.]
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' says they're not sure what you are talking about, but the
man in the black coat looks like a bad guy.]
As long as you carry out the scenarios, you will continue to run into Yoo Joonghyuk. You can't
just keep avoiding him every time.
After all, you'll need his help to clear the final chapter.
Especially if this is 'Ways of Survival' instead of 'Omniscient Reader'.
"If possible, I'll be the one to contact Yoo Joonghyuk from now on. You should avoid him no
matter what."
"Will you be alright?"
"After all, I he gave me the 'Elaine Forest Essence'."
"Isn't that just to take advantage of Inho-ssi?"
"That's what I think, too, so that's good, because he won't kill me right away if I'm worth using."
I'm sure he'd left something like that because he still has expectations on me.
Besides, I didn't tell them, but there were still secrets in this '41st round' that I didn't know about.
For example, there's some kind of deal between Cheon Inho and Yoo Joonghyuk from the
previous round.
There's no need to think about it right now. We'll just have to find out slowly from now on.
[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' picks his nose and asks how long the filter
will be up.]
Please be patient with us, constellations-nim.
We're talking about something important.
"Don't be discouraged, just do what you can. Our pace isn't bad either. Heewon-ssi has
awakened, Dansoo ahjussi knows how to tame bugs, Sein-ssi has [Average Correction], and

Sein-ssi, you're puting all your coins on physique, right?"
"Yes. Of course, but......."
I knew it.
As expected from the soul of a muscular man.
If Kyung Sein could play the tanker role, the party now had a basic formation of damage dealersupport-tanker.
So what's my position?
"I've got Cheon Inho who can carry the eloquence role, so we're not that far behind <Kim
Dokja's Company>."
Kyung Sein laughed weakly at my joke.
Suddenly, Dansoo ahjussi, who was already in high spirits, nodded his head.
"Inho-ssi is right."
"You recovered quickly."
"This is nothing."
"You're not from a different world than ours, are you?"
"Jiyoon will be disappointed if I get frustrated over this."
Perhaps the most frustrated person here is Dansoo ahjussi.
He's not even a devoted reader of Omniscient Reader, he's just a guy who ended up possessing
someone in the novel because of his daughter.......
I became a little curious about what kind of life Dansoo ahjussi had that led him possess
someone here.
"Let's go get the hidden piece first. We were lucky enough to start at Geumho Station, so we
have an advantage over everyone else."
"Ah! Do you mean, to get 'that'.......?"
"Yep. Let's go get it."
At Geumho Station, there is a representative hidden piece that Kim Dokja gets.
The star relic, 'Unbroken Faith'.
In order to get it, you must go to the 'Edge of Darkness' of Geumho Station and enter the 'Ground
Rat's Treasure Trove'.
Dansoo ahjussi's expression was dark.
"If that's the case, we'd better hurry."
"Oh, right. Actually......."
Kyung Sein said as she jumped to her feet.
"There are people who have already set out that way."

No, you should have told me that first, guys.
*
We quickly finished our preparations and stood in the tunnel leading to the Yaksu Station.
I thought about waiting for Jung Heewon to wake up, but I was impatient that there were people
who had already left ahead of us.
"Don't worry about Heewon-ssi and go."
When Dayoung's mother opened her mouth as if to leave it to her, Bang Cheolsoo thumped his
chest and spoke up.
"I'll protect Geumho Station!"
Dayoung'mother nodded reliably and looked at Bang Cheolsoo.
I stared at the two figures for a moment, a weird atmosphere beginning to form. Something has
definitely changed, but I don't know if it's for the better.
"Let's go."
We stepped into the tunnel, and in an instant, the voices grew quieter, followed by another deep
darkness.
This time, it was Kyung Sein who spoke up first.
"It's not fair to wake up Heewon-nim and come back again, is it?"
"You said you fed her Elaine Forest Essence, so she won't wake up even if you try."
"But we don't even have a DPS[1] now...... Isn't it dangerous?"
"We don't have much time left. If they passed through here twenty minutes ago, they might have
already entered the 'Edge of Darkness'."
Honestly, I didn't expect anyone to go first. Kim Dokja in the original novel was still in the
middle of his hidden scenario.
"How many people went first?"
"Two, a man and a woman. They came down from upstairs all of a sudden......."
"Were they readers?"
Actually, this was a question to get her thinking.
She answered immediately.
"I don't know, but I guess so, because the timing doesn't allow for any characters to pass by here.
I didn't get a good look at them because they were going too fast on their bikes, but......."
A bike? This early on?

"But Inho-ssi, you do know that there's a boss monster at the 'Edge of Darkness', right?"
"Yes. I know."
For reference, there is an initial boss monster in the 'Edge of Darkness', the 'Dark Keeper'.
Fortunately, there was a way to deal with it in Omniscient Reader.
Kyung Sein asked, her eyes shining with anticipation.
"Did you happen to buy [Purest Sword Force] or the 'Broken Faith'?"
I shook my head.
[Purest Sword Force] was sold out, and from what I could know through Bihyung that there were
no sellers for Broken Faith, only a long waiting list.
-Why is everyone getting that crappy item? Is there some kind of patch I don't know about?
Kyung Sein's expression darkened.
"Then we won't be able to catch the 'Dark Keeper'? Even in the original, Kim Dokja barely beat
it with the combo of [Purest Sword Force] and 'Broken Faith'."
"I'll think about it as we go."
"If you don't have 'Broken Faith', you can't make 'Unbroken Faith'......."
"First of all, we should get the random item box."
There is a 'random item box' in the Ground Rat's Treasure Trove, which is guarded by the 'Dark
Keeper', that allows you to 'upgrade items' in the first use.
Kim Dokja used the box to upgrade his 'Broken Faith' to 'Unbroken Faith'.
Kyung Sein shook her head.
"Well, you can get 'Broken Faith' later. Do you remember all the boss patterns?"
"Yeah."
The problem is the physique to perform the pattern.
I opened the rewards messages I'd been putting off.
[There are currently 3 unclaimed rewards.]
I hit the collect button one by one.
[You have claimed the reward for the hidden scenario 'Serpent Slayer'].
[The scenario was cleared early due to the intervention of other sea species.]
[You have received part of the scenario's reward.]
[2,000 coins have been earned.]
Unfortunately, I only received half of the reward because the final hit was stolen by the Sea
Commander.

The next reward, however, was more than enough to make up for the disappointment.
[The incarnation you awakened, 'Jung Heewon', hunted the 'Sea Commander'.]
[The incarnation 'Jung Heewon' succeeded in looting the rewards of the hidden scenario—
'Commander Slayer' that someone was performing.]
[A portion of the looted reward is attributed to you.]
[4,000 coins have been earned.]
[2,000 additional coins have been earned for your first looting reward.]
Looting rewards?
Wait a minute.
Does it mean there was an incarnation hunting the 'Sea Commander'?
My head was spinning.
According to the main story of Omniscient Reader, it was Kim Dokja who hunted down the 'Sea
Commander' and earned the reward.
Since there will most likely not be a Kim Dokja in this round, it must be a regular reader who
read Omniscient Reader.
What happened to that reader?
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' chuckles.]
I feel sorry for that reader, but 6,000 coins for the looting was a great harvest anyway.
And that wasn't the only reward.
[You have claimed the constellations' sponsorship rewards.]
[6,800 coins have been sponsored.]
Jung Heewon's awakening scene was quite popular on the <Star Stream>, and we received a
significant amount of sponsorships for such an early stage.
Prisoner of the Golden Headband, Abyssal Black Flame Dragon, and the nice animal
constellations donated coins.
[14,800 coins have been earned in total.]
[Coins Possessed: 17,100 C]
I'm rich now.
If I were Kim Dokja, I'd be saving this like it was my last dollar.
But I'm different.
*
rlaehrwk37: Anyone else been stupidly robbed of their rewards?
......
......
rlaehrwk37: No?
rlaehrwk49: So what?

Author's Note
So what what?
[1] DPS: damage dealer.

Episode 5. Villain (4)
< Episode 5. Villain (4) >
[4,000 coins have been invested into 'Strength'.]
[Strength Lv.10 → Strength Lv.20]
[Your strength level have increased significantly!]
[Passing goblins will be scared away by your strength.]
First of all, my strength should be high.
[5,800 coins have been invested into 'Agility'.]
[Agility Lv.4 → Agility Lv.20]
[Your agility level have increased significantly!]
[Your agility will make even a passing elf look back.]
I have two left feet, so I'll use my high agility to dodge.
[3,800 coins have been invested into 'Physique'.]
[Physique Lv.4 → Physique Lv.15]
I need this much physique.
[1,800 coins have been invested into 'Magic Power'.]
[Magic Power Lv.4 → Magic Power Lv.10]
Luckily, Magic Power had a birth stat of 4, so I could save some coins.
[A total of 15,400 coins have been spent.]
[Coins Possessed: 1,700 C]
I was down to my last coin, but I had no regrets. You need to increase your stats early on.
It wasn't until I met Yoo Joonghyuk that I realized this.
I don't have any S-class skills, so when I meet a monster like Yoo Joonghyuk, I have to support
my body to withstand even one blow.
[You are the third incarnation of this scenario to break through Strength level 20.]
[300 coins have been acquired as a reward.]
[You are the third incarnation of this scenario to break through Agility level 20.]
[300 coins have been acquired as a reward.]
Despite hitting Strength and Agility level 20 so quickly, there was someone faster than me.

Probably other readers. What a great bunch of guys.
Grrrrr.
Soon, I began to hear the cries of the ground rats. We had finally entered a densely populated
area.
Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi, who were beside me, started to move nervously.
"You two together!"
As if the two of them had just planned a formation, the tanker Kyung Sein stepped forward, and
Dansoo ahjussi followed behind her, sloppily drawing his sword.
Kyung Sein looked at me with a serious expression and asked.
"There's also the 'three together' formation!"
"That...... you two look good together."
"In front! There are seven!"
Kyung Sein let out a roaring shout and ran forward, only to be gnawed to pieces.
A weak body would be split into two in an instant.
"Uaaak! It hurts! It hurts! help me!"
I wonder how much physique does she have. Despite being bitten here and there by the ground
rats, Kyung Sein was unharmed.
Then Dansoo ahjussi began do some strange movements.
"Hang in there, hee-job!"
Judging by the flashy movements, it was clear that if I left them to their own devices, they
wouldn't catch a single ground rat.
I pulled out the thorns I'd bought and lightly poked the nearest ground rat.
Its head exploded like a ripe tomato.
Indeed, Strength level 20 was something else. I started stabbing their heads one by one.
Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow!
In no time at all, I had cleared out five of them, and when I turned around, Kyung Sein and
Dansoo ahjussi had barely cleared out one each.
When Kyung Sein realized that there were no more ground rats around us, she looked at me in
disbelief and asked.
"Inho-ssi, were you actually strong?"
"Of course."
"I knew it, I knew it!"

[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' points his finger, saying you're too proud of
yourself for a power you gained from coins.]
I'm so excited because it's the first time I've used it.
After that, we encountered mischiefs of ground rats a few times, but with my strength and agility
exceeding 20, the ground rats were no longer an opponent for me.
"Wow, Inho-ssi, you're awesome."
"Heh, I feel strong."
This is how the protagonist feels.
As we were advancing, beating ground rats one by one, I couldn't help but laugh out loud.
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' says this is the only time you can play like this.]
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' says that the early stages of growth are the most fun.]
[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' agrees that it is.]
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' blinks nostalgically.]
Missing it.......
Well, I'm sure the other constellations grew up catching ground rats at first.
That thought reminded me of Kim Dokja again.
"Suddenly, I really respect Kim Dokja."
He must have crossed the same Yaksu Station tunnel as us.
At a much lower level than me.
He wasn't afraid, he didn't back down, and he believed in what he read.
Can I believe in what I write?
Kyung Sein asked.
"There will be no Kim Dokja on this world line, right?"
"Because this is 'Ways of Survival'."
As I answered, a memory flashed through my mind.
I remembered the Kim Dokja in my dream. One of which was really vague, and one of which
was just a kkoma.......
Is there really no Kim Dokja in this world?
"But maybe he's looking at us from up there, just like we did."
The ceiling of the dark tunnel was as dark as a starless night sky.
Kyung Sein looked up for a moment, then suddenly waved her hand and called out.
"Kim Dokja! Kim Dokja!"
She shouted it several times.

Naturally, there was no answer from thin air, but Kyung Sein seemed much happier.
"Kim Dokja......."
If Kim Dokja is really seeing this world, our positions are now reversed.
I wondered if I could reach the end of the scenarios like him.
I wasn't sure. But there's Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi.
There will be other readers.
It's hard for one person, but if we all work together, it might be possible.
If it's as Han Sooyoung said, they're also 'Kim Dokja's fragments'.
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' nods.]
I wonder what form this 'filtering' takes for the constellations.
It was then that something like starlight flickered across the darkness.
"Huh?"
I rushed over to it and saw a flashlight on the floor. Someone had been here before.
And beside it.
"Over here."
We looked down into pitch black cave, which opened up beneath our feet.
"I think I found it."
It was the 'Edge of Darkness'.
*
We stepped into the darkness, hand in hand.
It was definitely a passage leading down, but the moment we entered it, gravity magically shifted
toward the wall.
It was as described in the Omniscient Reader.
In this space filled with black ether, light loses its meaning. In the darkness, you can't see a thing,
and you have to rely on your senses to move forward.
Leading the way was Dansoo ahjussi, who had [Diverse Communication].
"This way."
Dansoo ahjussi sounded encouraged, as if he finally realized he had an important role to play.
Kyung Sein spoke up as if bored.
"Ahjussi."
"Yes."

"How old are you?"
"I'll be 53 this year."
"You mean your original age?"
"Yes."
"You can talk to us comfortably[1]. Right, Inho-ssi?"
"Yes. Make yourself comfortable."
I could feel him shaking his head in the darkness.
"I'm comfortable with honorifics."
I don't think that's respectful of us to do.
Anyway, he was a very polite man.
"May I ask what you used to do for work?"
He seemed to think about my question for a moment.
"Before I came here, I was just unemployed."
I wondered if I shouldn't have asked, but he continued immediately.
"I was in the hospital."
Hospital. The moment he said the word, his hand in mine became strangely strong.
"Maybe that's why this world feels more like an opportunity to me."
Opportunity.
I knew what he meant, but I thought it would be rude to ask more.
This time, ahjussi asked.
"Why do you think we're here?"
It was the first question that anyone who came to this world would ask themselves.
Kyung Sein was the first to answer.
"Maybe we're here to experience it, too."
His tone was playful, but it was also a possibility that couldn't be ruled out.
"What do you think, Inho-ssi?"
I thought for a moment before answering.
"Maybe they need someone to complete this story."

"Oh...... I hadn't thought of something that profound. So, was it 'Ways of Survival' that
summoned us?"
"I don't know about that."
"Maybe it was <Kim Dokja's Company>. Kim Dokja? Yoo Jonghyuk?"
"Yoo Joonghyuk, ahjussi."
I wonder who called us here.
I thought it was <Kim Dokja's Company> at first, but now I'm not sure.
I wonder if <Kim Dokja's Company> would bring their readers to this dangerous place for any
reason.
"Could it be Han Sooyoung? She's Omniscient Reader's writer after all."
The moment I heard Kyung Sein's words, I felt a strange feeling.
As expected, readers also think that Han Sooyoung is the 'writer' of this world.
Even I felt a little miserable that I didn't have any objection to that fact.
When I think about it, 'Omniscient Reader' was quite an unusual novel.
Originally, I had never thought of such a story before. But the story came to me one day out of
the blue.
It was as if someone had hit me in the back of the head.
Kyung Sein continued.
"Of course, our world line's former Omniscient Reader's writer is a different person......."
My palms suddenly felt sweaty. I was glad it was pitch black.
"I don't know what happened to our writer. Maybe he got possessed along with us, or maybe he's
already dead because he's always writing announcements saying that he's sick. I even sent him a
note on how to stretch the other day."
He's holding your hand right now.
"Shh. There's someone in front of us."
We shut up at ahjussi's words.
The black ether around us visibly decreased, and we gradually began to see a little further ahead.
It meant we were approaching the 'Dark Root', the core of the 'Edge of Darkness'.
"Someone's fighting."
We heard the faint sound of a weapon.
[You have entered the 'Ground Rat's Treasure Trove'.]
[Someone is performing a sub scenario.]
The bodies of a number of ground rats littered the floor. They were cut from head to stomach

with a single sword, so it's clear that this person was very good.
As I got closer, I saw a dark fire(暗火) burning in the darkness. A somber box under the light of
the dark fire.
It was the 'random item box' we were looking for.
Standing in front of it was, as expected, the Dark Keeper.
The battle was already well underway, and the enraged Dark Keeper was casting tentacle
patterns in a frenzy.
"Kallituu!"
There was a short person fighting the Dark Keeper.
Kyung Sein whispered.
"That's the one I saw earlier, on the bike."
A woman with a light blue bob and sunglasses was engaged in a breathtaking battle.
She was dodging the tentacles with uncanny fluidity, delivering blow after blow. It was as if
she'd typed in her fighting commands and then executed them.
Even more shocking was the blue-white ether that flowed faintly from her steel fist.
Dedicated Sword Force (罡氣功).
It sounded familiar.
Kyung Sein muttered under her breath.
"That's it, right?"
"I think so."
I looked again, sure enough.
She was using Kim Dokja's [Purest Sword Force].
I wondered who the hell had robbed that item, but it must have been her.
The Purest Sword Force is the Purest Sword Force, but I was surprised that she could fight like
that against the Dark Watcher.
What on earth did she do to be able to grow so rapidly from the beginning?
I wondered who she was.
[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated!]
[The information of this person can't be read in 'Character List'.]
[This person is a 'character' but not a 'character'.]
That woman is definitely a 'reader'.
Maybe she's one of the 'pros' Kyung Sein mentioned.
[Using 'Readers' Comments List' in this person.]
I immediately checked the reader's information.
+

ID: ansgkrthsu64
Platform: Sirius
Total Comments: 0
Reader Level: 21
Number of Reads: 0 times
* This reader didn't write comments, so there are no comments to view.
+
I was dazed for a moment.
0 complete reads.
That means she've never read Omniscient Reader.
And yet she can fight like that?
[The reader has no record of having read 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'.]
[Additional information about the target has been updated.]
[Some of the 'List Information' is corrected.]
When I checked again, some of the information had changed.
+
Number of Reads: 0 times (12.8 times)
+
Suddenly, I saw 12.8 times in parentheses. What the hell?
It was at that moment that I felt a cold sensation in the back of my head.
Something pointy touched the back of my neck.
"All three of you, don't move. If any of you move, I'll kill him."
I felt goosebumps. I didn't notice him at all.
"Drop your weapons to the ground and slowly put your hands over your heads."
Since I didn't know my opponent's strength level or skill information, it was best to do as I was
told.
If he was good enough at stealth to get behind us now, he could attack us at any moment.
Spot!
That's when the tide turned in the melee up ahead. The woman who had been dodging the
tentacles with her ghostly movements received a cut on her forearm for the first time.

I opened my mouth.
"We can help. We're not here to be enemies."
"We don't need help."
"Don't be greedy. You know you can't catch it on your own."
"We two are enough."
The man spoke to the woman in a calm voice.
"Yerin, don't panic, fight. The pattern is starting again."
The man's following words surprised me.
"The pattern starts at the upper right. After that, there will be one at the bottom, and then you'll
have to feed him a series of consecutive strikes."
This was clearly how Kim Dokja had beaten the 'Dark Keeper' in 'Omniscient Reader'.
He remembered it all?
"Cut off all the tentacles. Then finish it."
Blue-white ether surged from the woman's fist. It was meant to gather energy and end it in a
single blow.
But it was a clear mistake.
I didn't write about it in detail in Omniscient Reader, but the Dark Keeper had one final hidden
pattern.
The last pattern that Ji Eunyoo edited out because she thought the battle scene was getting too
long.
I sucked in a breath and shouted at the top of my lungs.
"Dodge! There's one more! Last one is from the floor!"
As soon as I finished speaking, a tentacle shot out from the floor.
She froze for a moment, but managed to dodge the tentacle before delivering the final blow.
Kuaaaaaah!
The now incapacitated Dark Keeper fell to his knees and slumped to the ground.
The woman who had just spotted us looked over. I couldn't see her eyes through her sunglasses,
but I could tell she was surprised.
A man's voice came from behind me.
"Turn around slowly."

We slowly turned around with our hands on our heads.
As soon as we turned around, we saw the man holding the 'Stone Hog's Pointed Thorn'.
He was obviously an extra because didn't look familiar, but I was impressed that he had a pretty
handsome face.
To put it in Ways of Survival terms, it was enough to maybe poke Yoo Joonghyuk's face with a
finger. I immediately activated my skill.
[Using 'Readers' Comments List' in this person.]
+
ID: killer_king
Platform: Sirius, Paper books
Total Comments: 491
Reader Level: 99
Number Reads: 99.8
* You can use coins to view the comments written by this reader.
* Number of comments currently available for free: 3.
+
I doubted my eyes.
99.8 complete reads.
This...... Surely there wasn't an error?
The man glaring at me with a strange look in his eyes suddenly said something strange.
"7942."
Author's Note
In fact, we can see our reader's level.
[1] They mean casually, without honorifics.

Episode 5. Villain (5)
< Episode 5. Villain (5) >
7942? What's that?
"7942."
The man said it again.
I wondered if it was some sort of reader-defined code word.
I should answer correctly.
"Between friends!"
Dansoo ahjussi suddenly exclaimed. He spoke with the speed of a scholarship quiz.
He turned to me and muttered in a half-whisper.
"My mate doesn't know, but that means 'between friends' this days. It sounds like he's happy to
see you."
But no matter how I looked at it, those were not friendly eyes.
The thorn in the man's hand slowly pointed at Dansoo ahjussi. The man's expression turned cold,
and a breathless confrontation ensued.
"9158!"
Kyung Sein shouted fitfully.
The thorn stopped in midair.
"You're a member of the Seven Apostles, right?"
Kyung Sein's expression was somehow flushed as she said that.
The man who retracted the thorn asked.
"Who are you?"
*
After using 'Readers' Comments List' a few times, I slowly realized the generation pattern of the
readers' ID.
For example, Dansoo ahjussi's ID, wldbsdldkQk80, when converted to English based on a
QWERTY keyboard, looks like this
wldbsdldkQk80

=Jiyoon's dad 80
We can convert alsdn0905, Kyung Sein's ID, similarly.
alsdn0905
=Minwoo0905 (presumably his real name).
Both of them were perfect if they wanted their personal information to be leaked.
But the two new people I met were different.
First, there was this guy.
killer_king [1]
=killer_king
Killer King. Aside from the fact that it's a combination of two cool words, it's a pretty
uninformative ID.
On the other hand, the woman over there lighting the 'Magic Power Stove' was a little different.
ansgkrthsu64.
=LiteraryGirl64
I didn't recognize her nickname, but it was clear that she was a book lover.
Literary Girl 64 placed the freshly caught ground rat meat on the Magic Power Stove and began
roasting it with medicine.
"Sit down for now."
Killer King commanded us confidently, then sat down himself.
He hesitated a moment, then added some words.
"I guess it doesn't matter if I speak informally. This isn't 'real life' anyway."
"This is real too."
"No, this is a 'new world' dominated by 'new laws'."
If that is the mindset of a reader who has read Omniscient Reader 99.8 times, I can only respect
it.
Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi didn't seem to disagree.
We are all adults.
"Are all three of you readers?"
"Yes, as you can see."
"How do you know the password of the Apostles?"
The Seven Apostles. I had heard the name of the community from Kyung Sein before.
She replied.
"I was a member of the community, though I was rarely active."
"Nickname?"

"Judge Heewon."
After a moment of thought, Killer King asked.
"Are you the guy who used to post pictures of his abs on the message boards all the time?"
"Ah! You remember."
"It'd be strange if I didn't remember. You've been doing the same thing every day for two years."
"Haha, yeah, I did."
"It's a shame you don't have abs to show off."
Kyung Sein looked down at her tiny body and chuckled.
"Still, it's fun to start anew. And here, you just level up your stats and your body improves on its
own."
"It's a convenient world."
"Now I'd like to hear about you."
"I'm Killer King."
Kyung Sein's mouth dropped open.
"Killer King? Are you really the Killer King?"
Killer King nodded, and Kyung Sein shuddered.
I asked in a whisper.
"Is he a famous?"
"Of course he is. There's no one who doesn't know his nickname."
I don't know, but that Killer King seemed to be very important in that world.
"Killer King-nim is the Second Apostle of the Seven Apostles."
Since they were the Seven Apostles, it must have a total of seven leaders.
This means that the Killer King in front of me is the second of them.......
Wait. So there's someone who's read more than him?
As if reading my mind, Kyung Sein whispered.
"Rumor has it that the First Apostle has read Omniscient Reader over 100 times."
Killer King, who had overheard the conversation, stepped in.
"It's not 'Omniscient Reader', it's the 'Book of Revelation'. I see you've already forgotten the rules
of the Seven Apostles."
"Oh, yes, I did. I'm sorry."
"And I was about to reach the 100 readings myself."
"Stop talking about pathetic things and eat."
Everyone turned around at the sound of her voice. Literary Girl 64, who had been silent for a

long time, opened her mouth for the first time.
Perhaps because of the sudden attention, Literary Girl 64 lowered her head blushing and looked
down at the stove.
Kyung Sein asked Killer King.
"Is she also an 'Apostle'?"
Killer King picked up a skewer of ground rat and said.
"She's just my younger sibling."
"Ah, so your sister has read the Book of Revelation."
"No, I haven't."
"What? And yet you ended up in Omniscient Reader?"
At that, Literary Girl 64 glared at Killer King.
Killer King coughed lightly and replied.
"I told her about the Book of Revelation a few times."
"How many times?"
"......Quite a few times."
Suddenly, I understood the meaning of (12.8 times) in Literary Girl 64's information list.
She shook her head as if she was bored, and handed us each a skewer of ground rat.
As I was about to take the skewer, Literature Girl 64 glanced in my direction. When I looked
back at her, she bowed her head and mumbled something.
I wasn't sure, but she seemed to be thanking me.
I think she was thanking me for telling her the attack pattern earlier.
"What?"
She just smiled and handed me the skewer.
I'm touched. This is completely normal.
It was painful to think that the one who didn't read Omniscient Reader was the most normal.
[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' smacks his lips.]
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' gulps down his saliva.]
I was really hungry, and the sight of the golden brown meat in front of me was hard to resist.
Kyung Sein asked.
"May I eat it?"
"Of course."
"Thanks for the meal."
We started tearing into the meat without anyone stopping us.
When you're eating something really good, there's a natural silence. No one said a word, but we
were all thinking the same thing.

「This is really good.」
The meat that existed only in text has become real. The seasoning that the younger sibling made
was just right.
"Ha, it's really good."
"You're very skillful."
Only after barely tearing off one leg piece by piece did Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi express
their admiration at the same time.
Literary Girl 64 smiled silently.
Killer King also shook his head as if the meat wasn't bad.
"Killer King-nim. I'm actually a real fan of yours. I also remember the comment war you had
with the members of the Misreading Association for three days and four nights."
"You remember that useless stuff."
"Seriously, I can't tell you how lucky I am to see you here. I've almost died several times, but
you've read the Book of Revelation 99 ti—"
"Almost 100 times."
"I never thought I'd meet the Killer King who read it almost 100 times......."
"Why are you glad you met me?"
"What? It's you we're talking about."
"I could be a bad guy."
Kyung Sein's eyes widened.
"Don't say that. No one who has read the Book of Revelation all the way through is a bad
person."
I was speechless for a moment.
Even more surprising was Killer King's response.
"Not everyone who reads it is a good human being."
He said so seriously, immersed in a strange sense of sorrow. It would have been a bit cool if his
name wasn't Killer King.
Kyung Sein was speechless, while Dansoo ahjussi looked lethargic, perhaps because he was full.
Since no one else spoke up, I had to point it out.
"By the way, your way of speaking is strangely similar to someone's."
"No."
"You must like Yoo Joonghyuk."
Literary Girl 64, who was next to me, made a raspy, windy sound.
Killer King looked at me and asked.
"You hardly ate the meat."
"I'm a slow eater."

"What's your nickname?"
"Oh, he's not an Apostle. He doesn't join any comms."
Killer King's eyes narrowed at Kyung Sein's comment.
"How many times have you read the Book of Revelation?"
"I don't remember, but I must have read it more than 10 times."
[Someone has used 'Lie Detection'.]
Wow, he already had [Lie Detection]?
[The other person has confirmed that the statement is true.]
If I've read it 100 times it's also more than 10 times.
"I see. You'll be an intermediate apostle by 10 times."
I was surprised to see Killer King looking at me in pure amazement.
I didn't realize there were grades for apostles.
"I'm flattered."
"How did you know about the last pattern of the 'Dark Keeper'? That doesn't even appear in the
Book of Revelation."
"It just came to me."
[The other person has confirmed that the statement is true.]
Killer King had a questioning look on his face.
"You must have a foresight skill."
"Well, I do have the ability to find out hidden information."
I have notes that only I know about, so this wasn't a lie.
[The other person has confirmed that the statement is true.]
Killer King nodded and said.
"Interesting."
A moment of silence.
I spit the bite of skewer I'd taken on the floor and stood up slowly.
"I'm not that interesting."
At the same time, Dansoo ahjussi and Kyung Sein fell sideways.
I glared at the two people in front of me, holding the spike in my right hand.
Killer King held the spike like me, ready for battle. And beside him, I could see Literary Girl 64,

her head down. Killer King said.
"They're not dead, just asleep."
If it's a sleeping potion you can get early on, it's probably the stem of yanaspleta.
I don't know how they got it, but they were prepared.
"Why did you do this?"
"I have two reasons."
Killeer King looked at the 'Dark Keeper' fallen on the distance.
"One. You were going to attack us."
"We weren't."
"Two. I smell blood on you."
"That's because we caught a lot of ground rats."
"The smell of human blood."
I paused for the first time.
"Even if you know the contents of the Book of Revelation, you are, at your core, an ordinary
human being. Few humans can kill their own kind without hesitation because they're suddenly in
a novel."
"True, but if you want to protect yourself, you have to fight."
"The average reader has a pattern. If you've been lucky enough to find a bug and kill it, you
wouldn't have killed anyone yet, but if you had to kill someone, you would have killed one. But."
Upon closer inspection, one of Killer King's eyes shined in an unnerving dark red color.
I knew what that skill was.
"You have killed at least ten human beings."
It is the stigma of an archangel who can read the sins of others.
[Eye of Sin].
"Anything else to say? Murderer."
It seems that 'Killer King''s sponsor is 'Archangel Jophiel'.
Author's Note
Thank you.
[1] It was written in English in the original.

Episode 5. Villain (6)
< Episode 5. Villain (6) >
This is how a criminal caught in an absurd place feels.
I was a little resentful of Dansoo ahjussi, who stretched out without knowing my mind. If he had
picked Jophiel back then, none of this would have happened.
I turned to the oncoming Killer King and said.
"Wait a minute. Listen to me. You asked me if I had anything left to say."
"I didn't say I'd listen. I wasn't interested in hearing your excuses for slaughtering a dozen people
in the first place."
Apparently, [Eye of Sin] had recorded the nineteen people I killed with 'demagogy killing' as a
'sin'.
It was unfair.
I wanted to tell them everything.
I was actually the one who wrote Omniscient Reader, and the people I killed were the ones who
would later become the evil 'Cult of Life'.
"You look upset. You think your killing was justified, because that's the way this world works."
In a sense, it was the truth, so I had nothing to say.
"The Misreading Association were just like you."
"Misreading Association?"
Killer King looked wordlessly in his sister's direction, and Literary Girl 64 shook her head
stubbornly. It seemed like she didn't want to fight me.
"Yerin, we have to kill him now. The Eye of Sin isn't wrong, he's dangerous."
"......."
"We'll do it like we did with the Misreading Association guys, I'll finish him off."
The moment I heard those words, the back of my head tingled.
"Wait."
Suddenly, an unpleasant sensation crawled up my spine.
"Did you kill a 'real person'?"
"Are there real persons and a fake persons?"

"You know what I mean. Did you kill other readers?"
「"No one who has read the Book of Revelation all the way through is a bad person."」
I don't entirely disagree with Kyung Sein. There are certainly good and bad people among the
readers.
But whether they were good or bad, there is a bond that only those who have read the story
share.
I would like to believe that there is a promise, at least between fellow 'readers', that we wouldn't
turn a blind eye to anyone who knew the tragedy of this world.
"The 'Misreading Association' deserve to die."
However, right in front of me, there was a reader who disagreed.
A reader who had read this story 99 times, a reader who probably understood this world better
than anyone.
I told him.
"If you die here, you're really dead."
"Good. They were sociopaths to begin with."
With those words, I was convinced. This Killer King is out of his mind.
If I let him go, he would ruin the whole scenario, not to mention endanger the other readers.
But can I win against them?
If Killer King wasn't bad enough, Literary Girl 64 over there was a monster who could deal with
the Dark Keeper alone.
It was then that the surroundings began to turn colorless.
「Time stopped.」
Signs of the skill '⬜⬜'.
However, I didn't see anyone doing anything 'unexpected'.
Why then?
[Your skill has reached a certain level.]
The reason was quickly apparent.
[Your exclusive skill '⬜⬜' is blossoming!]
[The activation conditions for the exclusive skill '⬜⬜' have been relaxed.]
[The skill will be urgently triggered when one or more of the following conditions are met.]
+
1. A specific character attempts an 'unexpected behavior'.
2. An important 'event' branch occurs (limited to 3 times per day).

+
Perhaps because I used the skill a lot, a new condition to trigger '⬜⬜' has been added.
If the skill is triggered now, it means that an important 'event' branch is coming.
And in Omniscient Reader, 'important' is the same as 'dangerous'.
[You have entered the 'Snowfield'.]
+
# Villain's Crisis

「At that moment, Cheon Inho
⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜
* At your current skill level, you can write a total of 200 additional characters.
+
[You can stay in the 'Snowfield' for a total of 5 minutes.]
Judging from Killer King and Literary Girl 64's attitude, it was unlikely that they would charge
straight at me.
That said, the danger wasn't coming from them.
The next time I looked up at the ceiling, I saw the culprit.
Since when?
Through the shadows of the 'Edge of Darkness', three shadows slid down the wall, clinging to it.
The moment I saw the series of footprints on the wall, I realized how they had managed to come
so stealthily.
[Thief Rat's Footprints].
A stealthy maneuvering skill that, while not as spectacular as Lee Jihye's [Ghost Walk], allows
them to literally move like 'dead rats' in the dark.
All three of them had small tear gas canisters in their hands, so it doesn't look like they're
approaching for good.
Judging by the distance, they'll attack in about 1.8 seconds.
At this rate, Killer King and Literary Girl 64 would die, or at least be mortally wounded.
Killer King was going to kill me anyway, so I might as well leave them be.
However,
「Villain's Crisis.」

I looked at the scene title and thought.
「But 'whose' crisis is this?」
I began to type a sentence.
[This story is plausible.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 90%.]
[There's enough probability.]
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
+
rlaehrwk37: Oh?
+
[Successfully recreating the scene.]
[Leaving the 'Snowfield'.]
「At that moment, Cheon Inho threw the spike in his right hand forward.」
"What—?"
The contemplative Killer King and Literary Girl 64 rolled their bodies to avoid the attack.
However, my spike wan't aimed at them.
Piyuuuu!
As my level 20 strength turned into kinetic energy and pierced through the darkness, the shadows
lurking between them let out a harsh sound and tore apart.
Something dripped through the darkness, and then something exploded in the air.
Chiiiik!
Thick purple smoke billowed out. I immediately recognized the smoke for what it was.
Poisonous fog.
Killer King's complexion turned blue.
"Yerin!"
The younger sister, who was very agile, quickly picked up her brother and took refuge near me.
I raised my hands in a sign that I had no intention of attacking. Literary Girl 64 dropped Killer
King on the ground and began to vomit. She must have inhaled the poisonous fog.

I asked Killer King.
"Who are they?"
"You would know better......."
"If I knew, I wouldn't be asking."
Before he could answer, Killer King began to bleed.
His poisoning seemed worse.
Apparently, this was no ordinary poisonous fog. It was poison taken directly from the anal sac of
a 'poisonous rhinoceros'.
I took out my emergency supply of Elaine Monkey's Lungs and popped one into my mouth, then
handed the other to Killer King.
Killer King's eyes shook for a moment.
"Hurry up and bite it. Before you die."
Just before he took the lungs and bit them, Killer King spoke in a low voice.
"They are the Misreading Association."
The Misreading Association. I see.
So that's who they are.
The Seven Apostles had the cute side of utilizing Dionysus's indirect messages as a code, but
they didn't seem to have that.
Ssssssss.
Through the thick violet fog, the men with Elaine Monkey's Lungs in their mouths emerged.
Upon closer inspection, all three had grayish hairs sprouting from their faces.
I immediately activated 'Readers' Comments List'.
[The exclusive skill 'Readers' Comments List' is activated!]
[The person is not a 'reader'.]
That's strange.
Wasn't 'Misreading Association' the name of a readers' community?
I activated 'Character List' just in case.
Then.
[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated!]
[Since you're viewing multiple character's information, it will temporarily change to 'Character
Summary'.]
+
<Character Summary>

Name: Yoon Shinmin
Sponsor: Plague-Carrying Rat
Exclusive Attributes: Ratman (Rare)
Overall Stats: [Physique Lv.15], [Strength Lv.15], [Agility Lv.15], [Magic Power Lv.8]
+
<Character Summary>
Name: Jung Hyunse
Sponsor: Plague-Carrying Rat
Exclusive Attributes: Ratman (Rare)
Overall Stats: [Physique Lv.13], [Strength Lv.15], [Agility Lv.15], [Magic Power Lv.6]
+
<Character Summary>
Name: Kang Junsik
Sponsor: Plague-Carrying Rat
Exclusive Attributes: Ratman (Rare)
Overall Stats: [Physique Lv.15], [Strength Lv.15], [Agility Lv.14], [Magic Power Lv.4]
+
Surprisingly, all three men were 'characters'. They even had the same sponsor and attribute.
Plague-Carrying Rat.
And Ratman.
All incarnations of the same constellation, all choosing the path of the outcast (人外).
Even though the outer species were strong in the beginning, did my friends who finished the
novel choose the outer species's path?
It couldn't be.
They're not readers.
Then why did the Killer King call them the 'Misreading Association'?
It was then that I heard a squeak in my ear.
[Your exclusive attribute is activated.]
[You understand the language settings.]
[You are interpreting the language of the Ratmen.]
And then a voice said.
—How's Killer King?

—Poisoned.
—His sister.
—Same. She can still move, but not for long.
—There are others I haven't seen.
I'm getting more and more confused.
I thought only the readers could know that.
But how can people who've only been in this world for three days do that?
"Hey, excuse me. Guys."
The men were talking amongst themselves, as if they couldn't hear me.
—I can tell he's an apostle because he has monkey's lungs.
—Is he a member of the Seven Apostles?
—Most likely.
—We'll have to get rid of him.
I was no match for the three of those rascals.
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' looks down at his incarnation with a pitiable glance.]
At that moment, Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi, who were sprawled on the floor, began to
twitch.
It looks like the poisonous fog is slowly spreading to them.
Fortunately, the two of them had eaten a lot of ground rat meat before falling asleep, so they
should be able to hold out a bit longer with the antidote effect.
"Narrowed eyes."
I turned my head to see a gasping Killer King staring back at me. His entire face was colored a
deep purple, as if the Elaine Monkey's Lungs couldn't keep up.
He's even weaker than he look. Didn't he level up any stats?
"Are you sure...... you're not from the 'Misreading Association'?"
"I don't know such people."
[The other person has confirmed that the statement is true.]
Killer King opened his mouth.
"I'll believe you. You are certainly—"
"I'm no prophet, but I do know that it's not time for us to fight amongst ourselves."
Nodding, Killer King handed the monkey's lung he'd been biting to his sister.

"Yerin, I'm sorry, you'll have to do it alone this time."
Literary Girl 64 shook her head hard, but finally took the lung with trembling hands.
Killer King coughed and spoke.
"The enemy is a low-ranked outer species. Around an an 8th to 9th grade pattern, but...... you
should be able to deal with them by yourself."
I seemed to recognize this brother and sister's fighting style. Apparently, the older brother, Killer
King, would be the brains, while the younger sister would do the actual fighting.
Killer King looked in my direction and said.
"I don't trust you. But......."
"You'll owe me a favor."
"I'll pay you back if I can."
With those last words, Killer King closed his eyes. He didn't seem to be dead, just trying to
survive his poisoning by minimizing his energy consumption.
I turned to the younger sister.
"I need you to take care of one. We need to finish this before your brother dies."
Literary Girl 64 staggered to her feet, as if she would do anything.
Meanwhile, the Ratmen's side had finished analyzing this side's power.
—Random item box secured.
—We have a variable, should we rush in?
—Killer King must be eliminated here. If we don't get rid of him now, we might not have a
chance in the future.
The Ratmen exchanged sullen glances.
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' laughs sneeringly.]
The next moment, I felt a chill down the back of my neck.
It's like hundreds of rats were glaring at me through the purple fog.
The Ratmen, rising like tumblers, surrounded me.
The Ratman is an 8th grade outer species.
All three of them had excellent stats, and their attribute bonuses made them extremely fast.
Luckily, Literary Girl 64, who ran like a flash, took on one of the Ratmen, and an
unconventional hand-to-hand battle ensued.
Literary Girl 64's movements were slower than before due to her poisoning, but it seemed to be
enough to take down one Ratman.
That left two.

A Ratman's elongated nails sliced into my skull with obvious murderous intent.
I'm terrified. I'll die if I do something wrong.
I muttered an incantation to make myself stronger.
「I am Yoo Joonghyuk. Yoo Joonghyuk, super strong Yoo Joonghyuk, handsome Yoo
Joonghyuk.」
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.3' is activated!]
Of course, just inciting myself to be Yoo Joonghyuk didn't really make me Yoo Joonghyuk.
But it would at least make me brave like him. And maybe I could even imitate him a little.
「A pale trajectory sliced through the air.」
Sugagak!
My strength level 20 blow sliced through the air, tearing the arm of one of the Ratmen in two.
Surprised by my strength, the Ratmen jumped back.
—Dangerous. The variable's strength level exceeds 20.
—He's not afraid to get hurt. He's not an ordinary guy.
—Stay away. We'll change the operation.
In an instant, the Ratmen had closed the distance and drawn out a long bamboo pole.
I had an ominous feeling.
"Dodge!"
I reflexively jumped out of the way and swung my sword. I heard the sound of something
bouncing off a Ratman's blade. But I didn't manage to deflect them all.
"Ah."
When I looked around, Literary Girl 64 had a dagger stuck in her thigh.
I quickly supported her and stepped back.
Literary Girl 64's complexion immediately turned purple.
Damn.
—His agility level is over 20.
—Is there ever an apostle with two stats over 20?
—Maybe it's an apostle possessing a named.
—Is he from <Kim Dokja's Company>?
The Ratmen craned their necks and looked up into the air at the same time. Like terminals
waiting for a signal.

—Says no.
—Then let's get rid of him.
In that moment, I came up with a creepy hypothesis.
The Ratmen in front of me were not 'readers', but they knew information that only 'readers' could
know.
That means someone is feeding them information.
Maybe someone who could communicate with them in real time.
I reflexively looked up into the air.
「Did all of the 'Omniscient Reader' readers really only possess 'incarnations'?」
From across the pitch-black darkness, I felt a gaze upon me.
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' looks down on you.]
I thought with a bitter smile.
Sooyoung-ah, isn't this a probability problem?
Author's Note
Hakhyun-ah, Sooyoung is also busy right now

Episode 5. Villain (7)
< Episode 5. Villain (7) >
Plague-Carrying Rat.
In Omniscient Reader, and in the setting of Ways of Survival, that constellation didn't appear.
Suddenly, it contracts three incarnations and sends them out to attack the 'Edge of Darkness'.
That rat is, like, 100% a reader.
I would have loved to have used [Readers' Comments List] on them, but unfortunately it doesn't
work on targets I couldn't see.
Unless they're possessing an incarnation, I don't know.......
"Hey, guys, we don't have to fight."
I waved my hand at the Ratmen who were glaring in this direction and slowly backed away.
Even Literary Girl 64 I trusted had been poisoned, so it was now a three-to-one fight.
The odds weren't in my favor either way.
However, who am I?
The one who, according to Yoo Joonghyuk, was called 'The One Who Deceived the Stars' in the
40th round.
"Misreading Association, guys. I am not your enemy."
The great villain, the 'Evil Sophist' famous between the constellations.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.3' is activated!]
"Gentlemen, it looks like you're all villains. I happen to be a villain too."
I said, sneaking over to the fallen Killer King.
"So let's make a deal. Is he who you want?"
I grabbed the Killer King by the nape of the neck and lifted him up. Literary Girl 64, who was
crouched nearby, looked at me with despair in her eyes.
I smiled lightly at her, then turned back to the Ratmen.
One of the Ratmen said.
"We don't negotiate."
"Stay out of this, rats. I'm talking to your constellation, not you."
At my cold voice, the Ratmen frowned.

[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' is looking at you with interest.]
I smirked and began to talk.
"As you saw me fight just now, you noticed I'm pretty good myself. If I were to fight at full
strength, even your incarnations wouldn't come out unscathed. If three of your incarnations die
early on, wouldn't it be a big blow to a constellation like you?"
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' is glaring at you.]
"Even so, do we need to fight each other? This is what you want, and I don't want to get blood on
my hands. It's a win-win situation. Give what you have to give, take what you have to take."
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' says the Seven Apostles can't be trusted.]
"I am not from the Seven Apostles."
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' has used 'Lie Detection'.]
[Your statement is true.]
Now even rats are using that skill.
Well, that rat is a constellation too.
"I'll give you Killer King, in exchange for your random item box."
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' says they can't give you the box.]
"Then I'll take the rest of the items here, minus the box."
At my offer, 'Plague-Carrying Rat' seemed to ponder for a moment.
I could hear the Ratmen asking with their squeaks.
—What shall we do?
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' says to wait a moment].
I opened my mouth as I stealthily moved toward the wall.
"You don't have to ponder about it for long, just think about it. It seems like you've had a pretty
rough road yourself, and if we're going to survive in a world like this, we're going to have to
work well together. I don't want a plot where the villains turn against each other and end up
killing each other."
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' asks who the hell are you.]
Tsuchuchut.
Judging by the light sparks all over their body, they were about to unleash their status to
intimidate me.
However, 'Plague-Carrying Rat' didn't seem to be a very powerful constellation.

Nor would they be free from the constraints of probability at this early stage.
"I'm disappointed. You really don't know who I am? You must not have read the novel properly."
I took another step.
The rat warned me as if they felt something was strange.
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' tell you to stop.]
I don't know if I can do it.
"This is the body of the worst villain in Omniscient Reader."
With those words, I plucked out the 'dark flower' that was plugged in nearby.
For a moment, my shadow flickered ominously as the ash-colored torch that sucked in black
ether— the 'dark flower' lit up the surroundings.
"The one burnt to death with Hellfire."
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' orders his incarnations to kill you right away.]
The Ratmen whistled in unison and fired their poisonous darts.
I used Killer King as a shield.
Pow. Pow. Pow.
The wide-eyed Killer King shuddered convulsively. I had no choice, given the circumstances.
I'll save you, reader-nim, just hang in there.
With Killer King in front of me, I began to charge at the Ratmen. For a moment, they panicked
and jumped back.
I flung the dark flower at them with all my might. It spun in the air, sailed past them, and
tumbled into the darkness behind them.
A wisp of black smoke billowed from the extinguished flame.
Black ether was being released.
—Beware!
Something began to stir in the center of the dense black ether.
「There was a 'boss monster' here that hadn't died yet.」
In the novel, Kim Dokja did not directly stop the monster's breathing. To do so would incur the
curse of the 'Demon King'.
[The ruler of the 'Edge of Darkess' is absorbing the black ether!]
Killer King, who had read Omniscient Reader nearly a hundred times, hadn't forgotten that part
either.

[The 7th grade demonic species, 'Dark Keeper' has revived!]
The black etheric energy from the dark flower revived the dying 'Dark Keeper'.
Squeak squeak, the Ratmen screamed, and three or four tentacles shot out of the Dark Keeper's
body simultaneously.
The Ratmen barely dodged the tentacles.
However,
Pusyusyusyuk!
They didn't have time to dodge the tentacles that sprang up from the ground below them. In an
instant, the three Ratmen screamed and struggled as their stomachs were pierced.
"Kallitu."
With the Dark Keeper's words, something slithered into the three Ratmen's bodies.
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' is furious!]
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' is increasing their synchronization with the
incarnations!]
Realizing the situation too late, Plague-Carrying Rat tried to intervene himself.
But it was a mistake.
Tsuchuchuchuchut!
[The 7th grade demon, 'Dark Keeper' has noticed the presence of the constellation.]
[The 7th grade demon, 'Dark Keeper' prays to its master.]
Kukukukuku.
The whole of the 'Edge of Darkness' shook as if there had been an earthquake.
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' panics.]
Someone was looking into this space.
A being far different from 'Plague-Carrying Rat'.
A cold sweat ran down his spine.
[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' frowns at the appearance of the demon
king.]
He is the owner of the 32nd Demon Realm.
[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos's face hardens.]
[The constellation 'Primordial Cow's eyes shine.]
Devil of Lust and Wrath.
The demon king Asmodeus.

[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' stares at 'Plague-Carrying Rat'.]
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' is dealt a fatal blow.]
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' groans in terror.]
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' has left the channel.]
A historical-grade constellation was wiped out with just one glance.
[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' is looking at you with strange eyes.]
From the other side of the abyss, the demon king was looking at me.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.3' is strongly activated!]
「I am Kim Dokja who has the 'Fourth Wall'.」
I met the demon king's gaze undaunted.
[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' is interested in you.]
[The demon king 'Devil of Lust and Wrath' will remember your name.]
After the message, the gaze vanished. All that remained was the Dark Keeper and me.
I sucked in a breath and stared at him.
"Are you going to fight?"
The Dark Keeper stared back at me and muttered something.
[You understand the language settings.]
[You are interpreting the language of the demon species.]
...from ⬛⬛ to ⬛. The king is watching you.
....... What?
With those words, it disappeared into the darkness with the ratmen.
[The 7th grade demon, 'Dark Keeper' has disappeared from the Ground Rat's Treasure Trove.]
[The 7th grade demon, 'Dark Keeper' has been defeated!]
[The sub scenario 'Kill the Keeper' has ended.]
[You have successfully looted someone else's sub scenario!]
[8,000 coins have been earned.]
[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' admires your courage in the face of a demon
king.]
[1,000 coins have been additionally sponsored.]
I was preparing to fight the Dark Keeper if I had to. It was a relief.
So this kind of development is possible too.
In the back, I could see Dansoo ahjussi and Kyung Sein stumbling to their feet.
"Inho-ssi? Ouch! What the......."

Judging from their exaggerated voice, they must have woken up and faked a faint to look at the
situation.
I laughed bitterly and pointed at Killer King and Literary Girl 64 on the ground.
"Let's save them first."
*
According to Ways of Survival's settings notes, there are two ways to dispel the 'poisonous fog'.
Using the 'Elaine Monkey's Lungs', or feeding the 'Elaine Forest Essence'.
However, I couldn't guarantee Keeper King nor Literary Girl64 to recover with any of those two
ways.
Especially Killer King, who had been poisoned too many times because of me and his condition
was very serious.
"Kup, Kuhup."
Killer King, whose face was ashy, had foam on his mouth and was gasping for air.
Still, I can't let a reader who has read this 99 times die like this.
I pulled out the piece of 'poisonous rhinoceros's horn' I had hidden in my chest and ground it into
a fine powder.
Dansoo ahjussi asked.
"What is that?"
"I picked it up the other day when I met Yoo Joonghyuk."
If my ligaments were still intact, I would have gotten a bigger piece, but my arm was destroyed,
so I could only get crumbs.
Luckily, it was enough for now.
I mixed the horn powder with water and poured it into the mouths of Killer King and Literary
Girl 64.
After a few moments, Killer King and Literary Girl 64's complexions became noticeably
brighter.
「The poisonous rhinoceros's horn has an great effect on the 'poisonous fog'.」
I hadn't realized that it would be used in this way, as I had only created it as a 'Ways of Survival'
setting and hadn't used it in the main story.
"Everyone else should take some. It's good for treating the poisonous fog."
"How did you know about this?"
"I experimented with it as soon as I got a piece of horn."
"As expected of Inho-ssi......!"
I recounted what happened a moment ago to Dansoo ahjussi and Kyung Sein as they drank the
remaining bottled water.
I purposely didn't tell them about Killer King trying to kill us. I thought there was noo need to
create animosity at this point.

"There was also a reader who possessed a constellation? And that was a member of the
Misreading Association?"
Kyung Sein seemed almost out of breath when she heard the name Misreading Association.
"Oh, you fought with the Misreading Association?"
"Yes. But they were a little weird?"
Killer King is a also a Killer King, but the person possessing by that Plague-Carrying Rat looked
really strange. Even if they entered a novel, how could a person who had been living in the real
world until a few days ago suddenly turn into a killer?
Kyung Sein, whose complexion had turned blue, spoke up.
"If it's the Misreading Association, it's possible. Damn it, I can't believe we're meeting them so
soon......."
I became a little confused.
"Isn't it just a club?"
"Misreading Association is not just a club."
Huh? Then?
It was Killer King, who had finally regained consciousness, who answered my question.
"Misreading Association is the name of an illegal sharing site."
End of <Episode 5. Villains (7)>.
© Singseung#uhh8
isbn : 979-11-6930-515-0(582)
List price: 100 won
Author's Note
Due to an error on another platform, we had to rush to upload this chapter, which was scheduled
for Sunday at 7pm.
The next chapter will be published normally on Monday at 7pm.
We apologize for any confusion this may have caused our readers.
T/N: If you ever enter Omniscient Reader or Ways of Survival, please refrain from killing
people just because. Remember that you can buy the chapters if you can on Naver or Munpia. 10
chapters cost 1 dollar.

Episode 5. Villain (8)
< Episode 5. Villain (8) >
Misreading Association (誤讀協).
Initially, the site was a group of people collecting rare books.
It was a small club where they read books that were discontinued in Korea and were no longer
available or untranslated classics, and exchanged opinions among themselves.
However, as the number of members gradually increased and the site grew, problems began to
arise.
"Some of the members started to share illegally not only rare books, but also manhwa and novels
that had become regular series without permission."
As word got out that paid content was available for free, the site grew and grew, and it began to
take on the form of a business. Adult ads were plastered across the site, and illegal gambling
money flowed in.
After a few more years, the founding members disappeared, and the site turned into a completely
illegal sharing site.
After listening to Kyung Sein's full explanation, I was confused.
"You said the Seven Apostles fought the Misreading Association before."
"Ah, yes."
"Then did the Seven Apostles fight that illegal site?"
"Well, that's......."
Kyung Sein looked at Killer King, and then added quietly.
"The Seven Apostles got into a fight with anonymous readers, who turned out to be people who
illegally read the novel on the 'Misreading Association'."
I finally understood what was going on.
They were referring to people who read and shared illegal copies of the novel.
Apparently, in this world, those who read the novel through that route were also transmigrated
here.
Killer King said.
"I don't know about you, but there are many writers who stopped creating or even took their own
lives because of the Misreading Association."
"......."
"They illegally consumed content that someone dedicated their life to. A lot of my favorite

authors have disappeared because of them."
In fact, some of my fellow writers had stopped writing because of illegal sharing.
"Is that why you fought them?"
Killer King shook his head without answering.
Honestly, I was impressed.
As a writer, I've been frustrated by the lack of success in combating illegal sharing, but to have a
reader like Killer King be so proactive.
He was fighting for his life, and not just in the comments.
I suddenly wondered what kind of comments Killer King would have left.
[The exclusive skill 'Readers' Comments List' is activated!]
+
ID: killer_king
Platform: Sirius, Paper books
Total Comments: 491
Reader Level: 99
Number of Readers: 99.8 times
* You can use coins to view the comments written by this reader.
* Number of comments currently available for free: 3.
+
I clicked on [View Comments] without hesitation.
+
I am Yoo Joonghyuk.
—Upvotes 0 / Downvotes 1
(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, chapter 1)
+
I am Yoo Joonghyuk.
—Upvotes 0 / Downvotes 1
(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, chapter 23)
+
I am Yoo Joonghyuk.
—Upvotes 0 / Downvotes 1

(Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint, chapter 77)
+
I doubted my eyes.
Feeling my gaze, Killer King frowned at me.
"What are you looking at?"
"Nothing, just......."
"If you keep looking at me like that, I'll kill you."
"You really sound like Yoo Joonghyuk."
With a light groan, Killer King pushed himself up and pretended to look away.
He reminded me of a sulky cousin, and I was about to tease him one more time when I heard a
voice behind me.
"Hey, thanks for saving me."
Literary Girl 64, who had finally regained consciousness, lowered her head helplessly.
I waved my hands and said.
"No, I was lucky."
"I was lucky."
Killer King added with a nuance that somehow made me feel good.
"They didn't take the random item box."
At that, we stared at the shiny box the Ratmen had dropped.
Killer King and his sister were probably here for that box, too.
Just as things were starting to get uncomfortable, Killer King spoke up.
"I'll give it to you guys."
Literary Girl 64 nodded in agreement.
I could see Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi's faces brighten up.
Nevertheless, I shook my head.
"No, thank you, we'll just take the rest of the items."
"Are you serious?"
"Yes. We have enough with the rest of the items."
I looked down at the items on the floor.
I could see the D grade items that Kim Dokja had picked up in the main story, as well as other
items that hadn't appeared in the main story.
As if to give me one last chance, Killer King asked again.

"Didn't you read the novel properly? Don't you realize the value of this item box?"
"Seriously, we have enough with the rest. Don't insist."
Killer King hesitated for a moment, then took the item box in his arms with a look of desire in
his eyes.
"I owe you. I will pay you back for sure."
With that, Killer King turned around and began to walk away.
Literary Girl 64 bowed her head and ran after her brother.
I asked Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi to organize the items, then escorted the Killing King
back to the entrance of the Edge of Darkness.
Just before we crossed the edge, Killer King paused.
Neither Dansoo ahjussi nor Kyung Sein could hear the conversation from here.
"I tried to kill you all."
"You did, and it was a really bad thing."
"Why didn't you tell them that?"
"You didn't kill us, did you?"
Killer King frowned at me, as if he couldn't figure it out.
"You, what's your name?"
"Cheon Inho."
"That Cheon Inho?"
"Yes."
For some reason, this name elicits the same reaction from everyone who hears it.
"I can't believe you're possessing that scumbag. I hope you're not using the Cheoldoo Group to
kill people."
"If I was, you'd be dead too."
"You...... Who the hell are you?"
I shrugged and laughed.
For a moment, Killer King's eye flickered with black energy. He had activated the stigma [Eye of
Sin].
I was suddenly curious.
"What do I look like to you?"
In his eyes, 'Cheon Inho' was marked as 'the murderer of a 15 people'.
「I am Lee Hakhyun.」

Then what does 'writer Lee Hakhyun' look like?
"What......."
The next moment, Killer King's eyes widened, his entire retina turning pitch black like it was full
of ink.
I wondered.
What did my sins read in his eyes?
[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' is startled!]
Tsuchuchuchuchut!
[The stigma 'Eye of Sin' has forcibly ended.]
Groaning in pain, Killer King looked at me with the eye that had used the stigma.
"What the hell are you. No...... that can't be, something must be broken."
Muttering to himself, the Killer King looked at me and said.
"There is no way such a villain exists in this world."
Killer King looked at me.
He was looking at me with clear eyes that weren't using [Eye of Sin], eyes that had probably read
Omniscient Reader 99 times.
"I wish you the blessing of the story."
With those last words, Killer King walked away without looking back.
The younger sister glanced in my direction a few times, then followed his brother into the
darkness beyond.
I stood still and waved until they were completely out of sight.
Hopefully, they too would be blessed by the story.
*
Among the items that Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi had gathered, there were some that were
more useful than I thought.
"You can have this shield, Sein-ssi."
"As expected, 'Old Iron Shield' is the rule for tankers."
Old Iron Shield.
An item used by Lee Hyunsung in the original novel.

Among us, it was the most suited for Kyung Sein to use.
"I'll give you the Magic Power Recovery Bracelet."
"Is it okay if I take it...... Thank you."
Ahjussi put the bracelet on his wrist as if it were a luxury watch and smiled happily.
That bracelet should be quite useful, since he uses [Diverse Communication].
Other than that, there were rings with faint anti-demonic abilities and gloves that provided a very
slight defense boost.
It's unfortunate, but at least this early, I can live with it.
The last thing that caught my eye was an item that looked like spoiled jelly.
+
<Item Information>
Name: Unformed Idea
Rating: D
Description: A shapeless weapon of the past. It could have been anything, but ultimately became
nothing.
+
Come to think of it, I once designed an item like this. It was just a setting, and I didn't think it
would be here.
Once again, I feel certain.
There are countless 'settings' in this world that didn't make it into the main story, but remained in
my notes.
「So, did I make that settings, or did Han Sooyoung tell me about them?」
It was then that Kyung Sein spoke up.
"By the way, Inho-ssi."
"Yes."
"The random item box, why did you give it up?"
I wondered why she didn't ask that yet.
By the look on her face, she had been thinking about it for a while. People might think I'd lost the
first prize in the lotto.
Well, this is more important to me right now than a winning lotto ticket.
"Actually, I was wondering the same thing, mate."
Dansoo ahjussi raised his hand cautiously.
No wonder it looked strange in their eyes.

It wasn't just any item, but the 'random item box'.
It was an essential item to restore Kim Dokja's star relic, Unbroken Faith.
My reasoning for surrendering the item box was simple.
"That box, I wouldn't be able to use it anyway."
"What?"
"Someone else already used it."
"No way...... Who?"
"Did those Misreading Association guys secretly use it?"
I shook my head at Dansoo ahjussi's words.
"Someone already came here before us."
I'm sure. It was just a moment, but I opened the item box myself to check. The item had already
been used to zero.
Dansoo ahjussi asked.
"Was there a reader who came before us?"
"We started at Geumho Station and only got here today. Our friend who read Omniscient Reader
99 times arrived here today."
"Then who the hell could have......."
"Common sense tells me there's only one person who can do this at this point."
As if realizing who I was referring to, Kyung Sein swallowed hard and said.
"Yoo Joonghyuk."
I nodded.
It was only about a stop and a half from Oksu Station to here.
If it was the same Yoo Joonghyuk who could defeat a 7th grade monster species with one hit, he
could come in an hour.
Kyung Sein, who was thinking about something, muttered.
"Yes, in the third round, Yoo Joonghyuk stole only the treasures, but I don't remember him
knowing about the 'random item box' back then."
"There's a description that mentions he heard about it from the Heavenly Maid Hori in the 6th
round. It's the 41st round, so of course he knew."
"Ah......."
Kyung Sein lowered her head with a dejected expression.
Dansoo ahjussi, who had a serious look on his face, also shook his head.
"It's certainly a lot different from the 3rd round with Kim Dokja."
"Very different."

Even though it was only the 41st round, Yoo Joonghyuk here had much different experiences
than the 3rd round.
It's probably safe to say that many of the items that Kim Dokja utilized in the beginning, Yoo
Joonghyuk would take first.
Kyung Sein suddenly raised her head and opened her mouth.
"Wait, so the box Killer King took earlier......."
He must be angry that he was tricked by the villain. Kyung Sein asked with admiration.
"Wow...... Inho-ssi, when did you plan that much?"
"When I realized the box had been robbed."
"You're so mean and smart."
"Thank you."
"It's good I'm on your side, Inho-ssi. Although it's a shame about the box......."
Dansoo ahjussi said, looking around at the items we had won.
"Still, we got a lot of stuff."
It wasn't all fruitless though, as we got some useful items in the beginning, including the ahjussi's
bracelet and Kyung Sein's shield.
But it's a shame to just take these.......
I pondered for a moment, and then looked again at the place where the 'random item box' was
originally placed.
It was around here.
I crouched down on the ground and started digging.
Dansoo ahjussi and Kyung Sein looked puzzled at my sudden movement. I turned to them and
said.
"If you don't mind, please help me. Something is bothering me."
"Did Omniscient Reader say there was something else here?"
"No, I don't think so."
I wasn't sure either, but it was better than not checking.
「"Author-nim. I think it's a little...... no matter how popular it is these days."」
I heard Ji Eunyoo's voice in my head.
It was a memory from five years ago.
She was working hard on the first draft of 'Omniscient Reader'.
「"If you give things like this from the beginning, there's no tension."
"Then what should I do?"
"I think it's better to go with the first draft."
"That sounds good, right?"」

I don't know how long the three of us dug.
I felt something hard on my fingertips.
"Ugh, what's here?"
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' widens their eyes.]
We shook off the dirt, lifting the object in the hole at the same time.
After a moment, the pitch black dirt slid away, revealing the object we had pulled out.
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' opens his mouth.]
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is surprised.]
What we found was a black box with a familiar appearance.
Dansoo ahjussi and Kyung Sein looked down at the box in a daze, then turned to me and asked.
"Inho-ssi, is this......?"
I remembered Ji Eunyoo's words.
Originally, there was more than one 'random item box' hidden here.
Author's Note
If I keep digging, will it keep coming out?
T/N: I'm paying for the chapters, so if you can, please support the authors by buying them on
Naver or Munpia.

Episode 6. Star Relic (1)
< Episode 6. Star Relic (1) >
Episode 6. Star Relic
When I still didn't know much about web novels, I briefly attended a web novel academy
because of Ji Eunyoo's recommendation.
The instructor was a writer who flavored a generation of genre literature.
He had a quiet, nervous voice and spoke very slowly, which is why I dozed off during the entire
class.
However, one thing he said stuck with me.
"Don't hesitate to include chances, the more the merrier. Give them to the main character."
The instructor who used to live by those words disappeared from my life. I often imagined that
maybe he transmigrated to the novel he wrote.
Just like me now.
"I-I-it's real! Inho-ssi! It's real!"
"It is."
Who would have thought that I would be the one to retrieve the chance.
Kyung Sein let out a scream of delight, shaking the box and turning it upside down several times.
"How did you know? It doesn't say anything about this in Omniscient Reader!"
To be honest, I was just as confused.
This box was an item in the 'preliminary manuscript' of chapter 23 of Omniscient Reader.
「An item described in the manuscript that was left out on draft 2.」
Anyway, the settings existed, so I looked it up just in case, and the item was indeed there.
Here's the question.
If this were setting for 'Ways of Survival', then of course Kim Dokja would have used this box in
the original novel.
However, since Kim Dokja didn't use it, it means that this 'box' is not mentioned in the text of
'Ways of Survival'.
So since when has this setting been around?
From the moment I thought of it? From the moment Han Sooyoung handed me the manuscript?

The more I thought about it, the more my head spun.
Is this really the '41st round' of the Ways of Survival that I know?
I don't know.
For now, we have the item, so let's just think about that.
I replied to Kyung Sein.
"It just occurred to me that this box was originally an item made by a dokkaebi and then
discarded."
The box, which was dangerous enough to unbalance the scenario, was once an item in the
Bureau designed by a mad dokkaebi.
"Uh...... that's right?"
"But did they really just dump that one item...... only one in the same place?"
"Wow, really. Wow."
After hearing my explanation, Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi each grabbed their knifes and
started poking around the floor.
Of course, they wouldn't find another box.
There are only two of these box.
[Some constellations are shocked to discover the existence of the item.]
[A few constellations protest, asking when they released such an item.]
[A very small number of constellations start to point out the probability problem.]
A few constellations started to protest, but Bihyung doesn't seem to have gotten the memo.
I wondered what would happen if we closed the channel and ran away like in the original story,
but I was glad.
I needed to see the reactions of the constellations.
[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' is interested in your luck.]
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' asks if that box is real.]
[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' widens its eyes in disbelief.]
In this world, there are countless 'readers', including me.
From what I've learned in the fight against the Misreading Association, readers are possessing
not only incarnations, but also constellations.
[The constellation 'Primordial Cow' taps its chin with its forefoot.]
I looked carefully at the indirect messages from the constellations.
If any of them were readers, they would surely unwittingly drop clues.
[The constellation 'Pig Living in a Brick House' piles up bricks.]
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier tells you to enter the box.]

I observed each subsequent message, trying to figure out who they were.
One that looks like a normal constellation.
One that looks like it was possessed by a reader.
One I couldn't tell if it was a reader or a constellation.
One that is possessed by a reader, but remains true to the concept of a constellation.
One that is possessed by a reader that doesn't understand the concept of constellations.
Just plain weird and so on.
Of course, this is all speculation on my part.
But hey, what can you really tell from one line of indirect messages?
They've all been reading Omniscient Reader so it shouldn't take much to convince for them to act
like constellations.
By the way...... Where's Sneaking Schemer?
I was most curious about that guy's reaction.
"I guess that's the only box, I can't find anything else."
Apparently, Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi were still digging.
"Ugh...... well, we have one. It's too bad we don't have a Broken Faith, because that's all we need
for Unbroken Faith!"
As Kyung Sein said, we would only need that, but I couldn't get my hands on a Broken Faith
right away.
So I made a decision.
"I've been thinking about it, and since we're at this point, why don't we try something different?"
"Something different?"
I pulled out an item I had just gotten from near the box.
+
<Item information>
Name: Unformed Idea
Rating: D
Description: A shapeless weapon of the past. It could have been anything, but ultimately became
nothing.
+
An item that, at first glance, looks like spoiled jelly.
"If you don't mind, I was wondering if I could put this item in."

"This is...... Isn't this an item that didn't appear in Omniscient Reader?"
Right. It's probably not used in Ways of Survival either.
Kim Dokja wasn't particularly interested in this item either.
Kyung Sein glanced at the Unformed Idea and said.
"Well, we wouldn't have found the box if it weren't for you, Inho-ssi, so it's up to you."
Dansoo ahjussi nodded.
"I think so too."
"Wow, we're becoming a bit like the 'Kim Dokja's Company', aren't we?"
"Haha, I guess so."
The two of them conceded so readily, I almost felt rather sorry.
"Thank you then."
Without further ado, I put 'Unformed Idea' into the 'random item box'.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier says it's a risky choice.]
I know it's a risky choice.
But there was a chance of failure no matter what I put in there in the first place.
"Now I need to get the starting material......."
"That's the core of a demon species, right?"
"Yes."
In order to use the box like in the original, we need to put the target item and the Demon Species
Core together.
Unfortunately, we failed to hunt the Dark Keeper, a 7th grade demon species.
For now, it's best to use the auction to get one...... but I don't know what kind of madman would
risk a demon king curse to hunt a demonic species from the beginning.
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' asks if you need a 'Demon Species Core'.]
We look up in surprise.
What was even more surprising was its next words.
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' says that it can give you the 'Demon Species Core'.]
Kyung Sein, who was looking at the air with us, asked in a reminiscent voice.
"Rice Cake-Eating Tiger is the one from the traditional fairy tale, right? 'The Sun and the
Moon'......."

I nodded.
Because that's the only fairy tale that comes to mind when I think of Korean 'Rice Cake-Eating
Tigers'.
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' says it's him.]
[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' picks his nose and asks if he's a famous
constellation.]
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' timidly replies that he is a bit famous on the Korean
Peninsula.]
To get an item sponsored by a constellation from the beginning. Even Kim Dok-ja had never
received such a sponsorship at this time.
If he's sponsoring items so early on, he has a reason to do so.
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' says he has a favor to ask in exchange for the
'Demon Species Core'.]
As I said.
"I appreciate the offer, but......."
Normally, this kind of deal would be followed by a ridiculous request.
That's Kim Dokja's proverb.
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' says he only needs you to attend one 'Twelve
Zodiacs Ball' later.]
Twelve Zodiacs Ball?
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' says it's just a twelve zodiacs social event.]
This was another unexpected suggestion.
Twelve Zodiacs Ball.
It's probably the zodiacal version of the 'Constellation Banquet' or the 'Gourmet Association'.
As they listened to the message, Kyung Sein and ahjussi whispered.
"Wow, it's the <Twelve Zodiacs>......."
"They're the rat, cow, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, sheep, monkey, chicken, dog, and pig.
Right?
"That's...... right."
"When I was young, there was a cartoon movie with twelve zodiacs as the main characters......."
In the original version of the Omniscient Reader, the constellations of the nebula <Twelve
Zodiacs> were the enemies of Kim Dokja.
But this time, the situation is a little different.

Is it because I'm a villain?
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' says there's no need to feel pressured.]
I've made my decision.
"I'll attend the Twelve Zodiacs Ball. Is that really all I have to do?"
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' says that's really it.]
"Okay, then."
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' is greatly pleased.]
[A '7th grade Demon Species Core' has been sponsored.]
It was a very cool sponsorship.
A pitch black colored orb then appeared from thin air.
'7th grade Demon Species Core'.
It was even superior in color.
Tsuchuchuchut.
Judging from the faint sparks, it seemed that 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' had taken quite the
probability.
What is he up to showing such sincerity to me when I'm not even his own incarnation?
[The constellation 'Primordial Cow' is sharing the probability of 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger'.]
[The constellation 'Pig Living in a Brick House' is sharing the probability of 'Rice Cake-Eating
Tiger'.]
[The constellation 'Dog Who Threw Himself Into the Flames' is sharing the probability of 'Rice
Cake-Eating Tiger'.]
[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' claps his hands at the animal brothers.]
Anyway, thanks to the animal friends, I have been gathered all the ingridients.
Looking at the glowing core, Kyung Sein said excitedly.
"Oh, go ahead and put it in, Inho-ssi!"
"Why don't the three of us cover it at the same time?"
"Okay."
We covered the box.
Kyung Sein chanted.
"God! Buddha! Demon King of Salvation! Please!"
A moment later, a bright light emanated from the box.

*
A place dozens of steps away from the core of the 'Edge of Darkness'.
In the center of the deep, black ether of the 'Dark Root', a woman in a white coat stood.
"Wow......."
She frowned at the 'random item box' glowing in the distance.
"Even the box was taken? From me? Is that even possible?"
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' ask why didn't you move faster.]
"Who's that guy?"
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' says he seems to be a reader from another world line.]
"A reader?"
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' says yes.]
The woman tilted her head at that, then smiled, baring her fangs.
"Not a guy?"
In her hand was a 'Broken Faith' that no reader in this world could have gotten.
Author's Note
You know everything now, right?

Episode 6. Star Relic (2)
< Episode 6. Star Relic (2) >
"Demon King of Salvation-nim! Watcher of Light and Darkness-nim! Please!"
As Kyung Sein prayed, light exploded from the box.
And.
[An item of unknown origin was placed inside the box.]
[The box contained a lock of someone's hair.]
A hair?
No, wait.
Was there a foreign substance mixed in?
[The item is causing a strange transformation!]
[The origin of the sacrificed item is confirmed.]
[A top-rated item has appeared!]
[The number of available random item boxes is 0.]
After a while, the glow subsided.
Kyung Sein, Dansoo ahjussi and I looked at each other, swallowed hard, and opened the box at
the same time.
Inside the box was a vibrant, light-blue colored spirit, about the size of an adult male's fist.
Kyung Sein frowned.
"It's changed color? It's like Biyoo's poop."
"Let's check it out."
I went straight for the slime. But just before I reached for it, the slime squirmed and dodged my
hand.
Upon closer inspection, the slime had eyes. Narrow eyes.
"Giw—me."
It even had a tiny mouth.
I wondered if it looked like me (Cheon Inho).
"Giw—me. Giw—me."
Kyung Sein tilted her head.

"Is it swearing?"
"No, I think it's saying, 'give me'. I think it's asking for food."
"How do you know?"
"Because it's similar to what Jiyoon used to babble......."
After a moment's hesitation, Dansoo ahjussi worriedly handed over the leftover ground rat meat.
The slime looked at it, and then jumped at his hand. It wasn't the ground rat meat that it ate, but
the bracelet he was wearing.
Dansoo ahjussi freaked out and jumped back.
"Wilson!"
Apparently he'd given the bracelet a name.
The slime quickly realized the bracelet was tasteless, spat it out, and curled up with a grunt.
And the next moment.
"Huh?"
The slime was a bracelet.
*
After we finished organizing our items, we made our escape from the 'Edge of Darkness'.
Luckily, ahjussi had a cockroach in his pocket, so it wasn't hard to find our way out.
But...... why does the back of my head keep itching?
"Inho-ssi, is there something wrong?"
"No, it's just......."
I added, peering into the 'Edge of Darkness' where I couldn't see anything.
"It's just that I feel like someone keeps looking at me."
"Oh, it's just your imagination."
"Even the bugs say there's nothing there."
If ahjussi says there's nothing there, there's nothing there.
At this point, the one person he can't detect with his [Diverse Communication] is Killer King.
By now, he must be holding the box that has run out of uses with killing intent. I thought of
Killer King, who was probably repeating 'Cheon Inho' over and over again.
Well...... at least I didn't give him an empty box, so I guess it's okay.
If he makes good use of the notes I put in the box, he'll still get a decent income.
Of course, whatever he gets will be less than the bracelet on my wrist.
+

<Item Information>
Name: Idea of Almost Anything
Rating: Star Relic (遺物)
Description: A mysterious slime that was once the product of a constellation's obsession of
studying 'almost everything'.
When worn, it increases Agility and Magic Power levels by 1 each.
* 'Idea' can use 'mimicry'.
+
Formed Idea (意態).
'Idea of Almost Anything' can mimic an item by touching it.
Since it's a top-rated item, it cannot mimic others simply by touching them, but only after certain
conditions are met.
Once successfully mimicked, the item can be used continuously until the mimicked form is
destroyed.
However, the 'Idea of Almost Anything' may, out of its own free will, refuse to obey its owner's
'mimicry command'.
+
As you can probably tell from the description, this was a scam item. In theory, it could be almost
anything.
However, 'Idea of Almost Anything' had two fatal flaws.
One is that you can't rely on it if you don't meet the 'mimicry' conditions.
And the second was that the 'idea' itself could refuse the 'mimicry command'.
So I guess it's not a scam item after all.
Kyung Sein, who was next to me, looked at my bracelet with envy.
"Sein-ssi, I'll get you a nice star relic as well."
"Really? N-No need."
"What would you like to have?"
"Heracles' Shield."
What?
As we walked along, making small talk, we arrived at the platform of Geumho Station.
However, Jung Heewon was nowhere to be seen.
"Heewon-ssi.......?"
"Oh, she woke up thirty minutes ago and went to get something to eat with some people earlier."
Something to eat.

It was time to worry about that.
I asked Bang Cheolsoo what had happened.
"Did anything happen?"
Judging by the strange looks on their faces, something had happened.
Bang Cheolsoo began his report with a slightly nervous voice.
"A few things happened."
The first report was about monstrous creatures roaming around Geumho Station.
"Well, they weren't monsters nor humans......."
According to Bang Cheolsoo, the creatures started hanging around a few hours ago.
My mind raced.
"Do they look like rats?"
"Some looked like rats, some looked like lizards."
I had a vague idea of who they were. Probably incarnations under the command of the
Misreading Association.
"Anything else?"
"A scenario penalty has been added."
Scenario. Sure enough, I got a message too.
I hit notifications, and they popped up one after the other.
[A scenario penalty has been added.]
[From now on, food stockpiling is limited.]
[All existing stockpiled food has disappeared.]
[The 'survival cost' clause has been added.]
[From now on, 100 coins will be deducted every night for the 'survival cost'. If you can't pay the
'survival cost', you will die.]
[The 'survival cost' penalty will be maintained until the second main scenario is cleared.]
A food stockpiling ban and a survival cost penalty.
No wonder Jung Heewon went to get food.
"Let's gather the people for a moment."
Despite the fact that all the food they had stockpiled was gone, the group didn't seem to be in a
desperate mood.
Perhaps because this group had a different starting point than in the 3rd turn.
They shared their food and stuck together in the face of the crisis.

"Gather round! The boss is looking for you!"
"Come on quickly!"
The scattered, hungry people began to gather one by one.
"Inho ahjussi!"
Dayoung, who was riding on Bang Cheolsoo's shoulders, waved at me. As I gently held her
hand, I suddenly remembered Yoo Joonghyuk.
He had come to Geumho Station the day I was eaten by the ichthyosaur.
「"Cheon Inho is already dead. The marginalized group can come out in peace. I'll show you how
to get food from now on."」
At that time, Yoo Joonghyuk wasn't trying to kill people. Rather, he had come here to save them.
Thinking about it, it didn't make sense.
This is the 41st turn.
The world where Yoo Joonghyuk is the most ruthless man of the entire 'Ways of Survival'.
And yet, he was trying to save these people.
"Inho-ssi?"
"Ah, yes. Is everyone here?"
Looking around, there were around 80 people.
Judging from the decrease in number, some had left for other areas, except for those who had
followed Jung Heewon to get food.
I started talking.
"I'm guessing you all received a 'survival cost' penalty."
A few people reacted to the words survival cost.
"That's right, suddenly we have to pay something every night......."
"How are we supposed to earn those coins?"
I calmly explained.
"Coins can be earned from the sponsorship of the constellations or by completing scenarios."
"Scenarios...... That's the one we did at the beginning, right?"
"Do I have to kill people again?"
People's eyes filled with fear again.
Most of the people here had already killed people in the first scenario. But few of them killed for
the sake of killing.

[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' despises the weakness of the incarnations.]
[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' says that children who can't control themselves should be
abandoned.]
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' advises against wasting time on the wrong
things.]
The constellations weren't wrong.
However, if we train them in such a harsh way, most of them will not survive.
Dayoung pulling Bang Cheolsoo's ear, and Dayoung's mother admonishing her, wouldn't even be
able to survive.
[The constellation 'Dog Who Threw Himself Into the Flames' understands your intentions.]
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier pays attention to your choice.]
So this choice was the least I could do for the extras who died without having any chance in
Omniscient Reader.
"You would kill people and take their coins, but I don't really recommend that, and frankly, I
don't think anyone here wants to do that."
"I-Is there any other way to earn coins?"
I nodded and looked toward the tunnel.
"Well, we're running out of food...... That's good."
"What? Why do you say that......."
Just then, from the direction of the tunnel, I saw Jung Heewon and other people dragging back
the body of a ground rat.
"Ah, Inho-ssi!"
Jung Heewon waved happily, and I waved back.
*
"No matter how much I looked for it, there's no food, and the ground is covered in poisonous
fog, so I can't even go up...... So I brought this, I thought maybe we could eat it......."
"Well done."
I instructed the Cheoldoo Group to carry the body of the ground rat onto the platform.
A few people stumbled back in surprise.
"From now on, this is your food."
"What, we're eating this? Do you know what this is......."
"It's the same meat. Just a different recipe."

I proclaimed myself a 'professional butcher' and began to strip the meat from the body.
Jung Heewon, Kyung Sein, and Dansoo ahjussi began to help me unfazed, probably because
they'd seen it before.
"Take it in turns!"
Jeong Heewon handed each one a piece of meat.
When everyone had received a piece of meat, I took out the 'Magic Power Stove' I had obtained
from the 'Edge of Darkness' from my bosom.
"This is an item called a 'Magic Power Stove'."
I placed the meat I cut on the Magic Power Stove. I increased the power of the stove, and the
meat was deliciously roasted in less than a dozen seconds.
Dayoung muttered in delight.
"Mom, it smells delicious......."
As I took a piece of meat to demonstrate, people rushed to the Magic Power Stove as if they had
been waiting for it.
After rolling up their sleeves, Bang Cheolsoo and the Cheoldoo Group took over and grilled the
meat for me.
"Does anyone have salt?"
"Hyung-ssi, there's no salt here, just eat it!"
Gasps echoed around the room, and for good reason. They hadn't touched meat for the past three
days.
But my real purpose was not to feed people full.
[The sub scenario 'Food Acquisition' has been completed early.]
[500 coins have been earned.]
The sub scenario 'Food Acquisition' can only be completed by cooking a 'self-hunted monster'.
The bodies that Jung Heewon brought back this time were the ones that Kyung Sein, Dansoo
ahjussi and I hunted.
Presumably, the others did not receive the rewards we did.
"From now on, all food must be obtained by hunting monsters."
At the mention of hunting, the faces of those picking at the meat stiffened.
"For now, I have given you the meat that I and my companions have caught, but it is impossible
to continue this way. You must learn to hunt for yourselves, so you can survive."
My words were no different than those of Yoo Joonghyuk, who had come here not long before.

He was right, and he was trying to give these people what they needed.
They just weren't ready to receive it.
"As you know from reading the scenario, you can earn coins by hunting and cooking your own
ground rats. If you don't have any coins right now, you can earn 500 coins by hunting one later
today."
Those who checked the scenario window at my words said.
"It's true, it says it will give us coins."
"But how are we supposed to catch a monster like this?"
"Everyone, don't be scared. I caught one, and so did this ahjussi."
Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi stepped up to my side to support my words, and I could see a
few people shaking their heads at them.
I quickly added before they could make any negative comments.
"We'll show you how to catch them."
*
Dansoo ahjussi, Kyung Sein, Jung Heewon and I taught the people step by step how to hunt
ground rats.
It was a valuable piece of information that we had to learn with blood, sweat and tears,
something that doesn't appear in the text of Omniscient Reader.
Kyung Sein, who still has bite marks all over her body, squared her shoulders and said.
"Their patterns are very simple. As long as you stay calm, you can easily catch them!"
Although they did bite us a lot for such a simple pattern.
[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' is pleased with your actions.]
[The constellation 'Commander of the Red Cosmos' announces your good deeds.]
[The constellations of the 'absolute good' system approve of your actions.]
[1,200 coins have been sponsored.]
In this world, good deeds become coins.
No matter what you do, the results of your actions are directly related to coins.
I wonder if Kim Dokja felt the same way.
However, I didn't have time to ponder for long. We were too weak and unprepared for the
scenarios to come.
I could understand why Kim Dokja was so obsessed with coins. Having a lot of coins doesn't
mean you can do much right now, but it does give you more options.
Next stop, Chungmuro.

If I wanted to deal with the bald man at Chungmuro, I had to start saving up coins now.
The Ten Evil of Chungmuro Station.
Armed Fortress Master Gong Pildu.
Although he's a character with as much presence as hair in the original, Gong Pildu is a pretty
scary villain in the beginning.
[Coins Possessed: 11,800 C]
This is a world where even early skills like the [Woryeong Sword Technique] cost 8,000 coins.
With the coins I have now, I don't even have enough coins to increase my overall stats, let alone
take care of my companions.
I wish a bunch of coins would fall from the sky. Kim Dokja earns coins just by breathing.
[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' has entered the channel.]
I looked up at the channel entry notification.
[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' snoops around Geumho Station.]
Lily Blooming in Aquarius.
Gabriel, the archangel of <Eden>, has entered the channel.
I wondered what brought her to this unknown channel, but somehow, her gaze turned to a certain
place.
[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' looks at incarnation 'Kyung Sein'.]
"Not, hold the sword like this."
"Like this?"
"Stay still. I'll show you."
Jung Heewon was fixing the frozen Kyung Sein's posture.
Even from a distance, I could see that her earlobes were red.
I had forgotten for a moment.
I had forgotten that her original nickname was [Judge Heewon].
[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' tilts her head.]
[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' makes a trial sponsorship of 100 coins to the
incarnation 'Kyung Sein'.]
After receiving the coins, Kyung Sein's shoulders shook as if wondering what she was thinking.
"L-Like this? Is it okay?"
"Stretch your arm more, like this."

It was a sight that brought blood tears to my eyes, as I had sold my conscience and innocence to
earn coins.
Holy constellation Gabriel.
The person you have now sponsored is actually a muscular man. You are being deceived.
I stood up from my seat, thinking that I should tell my companions to go to Chungmuro.
And the next moment.
[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' calls her companion.]
My eyes widened at the sight of the name of the constellation entering the channel.
[The constellation 'Demon-Like Judge of Fire' has entered the channel.]
Author's Note
Hakhyun, do something

Episode 6. Star Relic (3)
< Episode 6. Star Relic (3) >
Demon-Like Judge of Fire.
I was momentarily overcome with nostalgia at the sight of a modifier I hadn't seen in such a long
time.
Archangel Uriel.
One of the '4 main constellations' of Bihyung's channel, along with Prisoner of the Golden
Headband, Abyssal Black Flame Dragon, and Secretive Plotter.
The constellation who loved the protagonist, Kim Dokja, more than any other.
[The constellation 'Demon-Like Judge of Fire' makes a sour face.]
However, without Kim Dokja, Uriel, who entered the channel, didn't seem to be interested in the
incarnations.
Perhaps that was Uriel's original self before she met Kim Dokja.
Kyung Sein, who had seen Uriel's entry message from afar, waved her hand in this direction. I
saw the shape of her mouth.
'Hurry up and do something! She's here!'
That's what she seemed to be saying.
But what could I do?
Kim Dokja was born to be loved by all things, but I'm the Ten Evil Cheon Inho.
[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at you.]
Even if you suddenly look at me like that, I don't have anything to show you.
Would you like to be incited?
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.4' is activated!]
「I am Kim Dokja.」
I tried to incite myself to become Kim Dokja.
But I couldn't feel any change, other than a couple of 'Ways of Survival' settings coming to mind.
[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at you with strange eyes.]

Suddenly, I looked around and saw Dansoo ahjussi resting on the platform, probably tired from
his kendo practice.
"Ahjussi."
"Mate."
For some reason, his expression was strangely dark.
"Are you okay?"
"Yes, I'm fine, but......."
He stuttered, but by this point, I knew without him saying anything.
I'm sure he was thinking about Jiyoon again.
Dansoo ahjussi smiled weakly at me and muttered as if speaking to himself.
"If only I liked stories that were a little less dangerous."
My heart suddenly felt heavy.
We sat side by side and stared into the darkness of the platform.
"Did your daughter always like novels?"
"She read them occasionally, but she especially liked this story."
"What did she like about this story?"
"That's......."
Ahjussi looked as serious as Yoo Joonghyuk thinking about regressing, and then answered in a
serious voice.
"Probably that there are a lot of handsome characters."
"Ah......."
"My daughter once told me. She said it's good that those handsome companions save each other
all the time."
I ran out of things to say and stared blankly into the darkness of the tunnel.
That's a pretty good summary.
[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is curious about what you are talking about.]
I could hear the people gathered on the platform laughing raucously.
Ahjussi spoke after a pause.
"I hope Jiyoon has friends like those...... by her side now."
"I'm sure she does."
Probably, no amount of consolation would reach him now.

Nevertheless, Dansoo ahjussi smiled faintly, gladly accepting my poor consolation.
"It's a relief I met Inho-ssi. If you hadn't saved me back then, I would have been dead already."
"That's not true."
Dansoo ahjussi was the first reader I'd met, and maybe that's why I wanted him to meet his
daughter and return to reality safely.
I dusted myself off and stood up, extending my hand toward him.
"I'll do my best to save you until you meet your daughter."
Ahjussi, who clasped my hand and stood up, nodded and said.
"Yes. I'll do my best to help you too."
Seeing his warm smile, I felt my heart warm.
The next moment, I heard a message.
[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' has sponsored you 100 coins.]
I looked up into the air and thought.
......Why did she sponsor me?
*
Just before leaving the station, we said goodbye to everyone.
Bang Cheolsoo, who came to see us off, was the first to speak.
"Hyung-nim. Are you leaving?"
"Yeah."
"Isn't it dangerous? It's better to see how things go from here and move together......."
"I have to go. Do you remember everything I told you?"
"Yes."
The 'food acquisition' scenario only gave 500 coins, which would only last five days if you paid
your daily survival fee.
"If you want to escape the survival fee penalty, you'll have to move eventually. Finish the sub
scenario as soon as you can, and get the people to Chungmuro. I'll take care of the monsters on
the way."
"Hyung-nim......."
The members of the Cheoldoo Group bowed their heads towards me. I felt like I really was the
boss of the organization.
Bang Cheolsoo spoke up.

"To be honest, I was suspicious of you at first."
"What do you mean?"
"You know, there's such a thing as people-watching. You looked a little cowardly, and had an
annoying smile."
"......."
"I still don't fully trust you. I've been living in this world for a long time, so I don't trust people."
Bang Cheolsoo, unlike himself, rambled for a long time.
"Still, watching you, I reflected on myself a bit. On what a person is. You shouldn't judge a
person by what they look like......."
I was about to punch him in the head, but then I stopped. Don't judge a book by its cover.......
I wondered if I deserved to hear that.
After all, I had judged Bang Cheolsoo based on a few lines in his 'Omniscient Reader'. Then I
suddenly had a strange thought.
How much truth does Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint contain?
"Okay. I'll see you again, so don't talk too much."
[The constellation 'Monarch of the Small Fries' admires your noir vibe!]
[100 coins have been sponsored.]
"And this."
"And this......?"
"It's the Magic Power Stove we used earlier. You take care of it and use it to cook."
The 'Magic Power Stove', the only cooking utensil here.
Bang Cheolsoo quickly understood what I meant by giving it to him.
"H-Hyung-nim......."
I turned my back on them.
Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi had finished greeting the people and quickly joined me.
"Take care, hyung-nim!"
We walked through the chorus of the Cheoldoo Group and entered the Yaksu Station tunnel.
"What a bittersweet feeling."
Dansoo ahjussi kept looking back. Perhaps he had already gotten attached to the people.
Kyung Sein, who kept looking back at him, called out to me.
"Hey, Inho-ssi. By the way......."

I knew what she was going to say, so I simply replied.
"She'll be here soon."
Then I heard the sound of someone running after us. I didn't have to turn around to know who it
was.
"I knew you'd come."
I turned around to see Jung Heewon standing there, pouting.
"Why didn't you ask me if I wanted to come with you?"
Instead of answering, I scanned our group. Two scrawny men, one girl with only a muscular
soul.
Jung Heewon sighed heavily.
"Whatever, really."
"Thank you."
"It's not for free."
Jung Heewon hesitated, then added.
"You seem like a smart guy, Inho-ssi, so I'm just trying to get some benefit by hanging out with
you for a while."
"......."
"What are you looking at?"
"Nothing, I'm just a little moved."
"What moved......."
Jung Heewon pursed her lips as she unnecessarily looked ahead, and for some reason, Kyung
Sein looked at me with envy.
Dansoo ahjussi was walking a couple of steps away, looking at us with a heartwarming smile.
Jung Heewon glanced over and asked as if the atmosphere was uncomfortable.
"By the way, where are we going?"
The moment I heard that question, I suddenly had a question.
「How far can we really go?」
The darkness beyond the tunnel looked like a pitch black snowfield.
What's beyond, only Kim Dokja, who will read the whole story, knows.
"For now, let's go to Chungmuro."

It was time to meet the second member of <Kim Dokja's Company>.
*
+
<Main Scenario #2 - Meeting>
Category: Main
Difficulty: E
Clear Conditions: Cross the tunnel and meet the survivors in the first main base.
Time Limit: None
Reward: 500 coins
Failure: ???
+
[The next 'main base' is 'Chungmuro'.]
About halfway through the tunnel, a new scenario window popped up.
The second scenario had finally begun in earnest.
We moved forward, lightly dealing with the occasional ground rats, and soon arrived at our first
stop, Yaksu Station.
"I don't think there are any survivors here."
Just as it had been on the 3rd turn, Yaksu Station was empty in this turn.
In the center of the platform, there were traces of people's bodies that were collected and burned.
"Ugh, here......."
Through the scattered ashes and bits of clothing, I could see the words someone had written on
the ground with charcoal.
—I miss my mom and dad.
Kyung Sein whispered.
"There wasn't anything like this in Omniscient Reader, right?"
I nodded.
Maybe it was left here by a reader.
Dansoo ahjussi stared at the words for an unusually long time.
After a quick check of the area, Jung Heewon.
"It's all empty."

"Let's go straight to Dongdae Station, we'll rest there."
"Okay."
Jung Heewon took the lead, and we started moving again.
Kyung Sein whispered in a low voice.
"Inho-ssi, Dongdae Station...... You remember that?"
"Yes. I know."
After about thirty or forty minutes of walking, we finally arrived at the Dongdaemun platform.
There was no sign of life here either.
Perhaps because we had traveled through the two stops at a much faster pace than the original,
Jung Heewon was a little tired.
"This is harder than I thought."
It was no wonder.
While passing through the two stations, she had single-handedly killed one hundred and fifty
ground rats.
[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is interested in the incarnation 'Jung Heewon'.]
This level of combat power without the [Judgement Time] was phenomenal. At this level, aside
from Yoo Joonghyuk, there shouldn't be any incarnation that could defeat her now.
"I'll take a break. I'll meet you here in 20 minutes."
"Is the toilet water still —available? I'm just going to wash my face. Do you want to come with
me, Sein?"
Kyung Sein shook her head in surprise. Jung Heewon nodded slightly and headed straight to the
bathroom.
"See you later, then."
After she disappeared, Kyung Sein and I glanced at each other.
"10 minutes should be enough, right?"
"5 minutes will do."
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is intrigued by your plan.]
Only Dansoo ahjussi, who had forgotten most of Omniscient Reader, looked puzzled, unable to
understand our conversation.
*

A few moments later, we stood in front of Exit 6 of Dongdae Station.
[You have been exposed to a poisonous fog.]
We poured the 'poisonous rhinoceros horn powder' that remained after treating Killer King into
our mouths, and ran straight up the escalator leading to Dongdaemun.
"There it is!"
Kyung Sein was the first to spot our destination.
A bronze colored statue in the distance.
Dansoo ahjussi exclaimed as he realized.
惟政四溟大師像
Yujeong Samyeongdang.
It was unmistakable. It was the statue of Samyeongdang, whose modifier was 'Bald General of
Justice' in the original story.
Here, Kim Dokja smashed this statue to get a hidden skill and an item.
"As expected, someone has already smashed it."
But the statue we found was already broken.
[A constellation wearing a straw mat glares at you.]
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' chuckles at your misfortune.]
I smiled bitterly at the statue that had been cut exactly in half.
I don't know who did it, but they cut it in half so neatly. Judging from the workmanship, it could
be Yoo Joonghyuk, or it could be Killer King or some other reader.
The pale-faced Kyung Sein called out to me.
"Inho-ssi."
"I was expecting it."
"What?"
We weren't the only readers in this world.
There were people who had gone through a much more difficult 'ichthyosaur scenario' than mine,
people who couldn't get the 'Broken Faith' because of the queue, and people who had even had
[Purest Sword Force] taken away.
So, naturally, I expected that someone would have preempted Samyeongdang's items.
I slowly lifted the upper half of the statue from the ground.
[A constellation wearing a straw mat is puzzled by your actions.]
Still, with my level 20 strength, I could easily lift a weight that I normally wouldn't have been

able to.
[A constellation wearing a straw mat reveals his modifier.
[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' has realized your actions and it's surprised.]
I pointed to the other side of the statue and said.
"Sein-ssi, could you please hold that for me?"
Kyung Sein hesitantly approached.
"L-Like this?"
"Yes. Lift it up to the top of your head like this."
"I'll try. Hop."
Together, we lifted the upper half of Samyeongdang's body above our heads.
While doing the scenario for a few days, I realized something.
You will never survive in this world by performing scenarios in the exact same way as in
'Omniscient Reader'.
"Dansoo ahjussi, get up on the stone and balance it!"
After a few minutes of struggle, we succeeded in barely placing Samyeongdang's upper half on
top of his lower half.
I cut off the clothes I'd brought in advance from Geumho Station and tied them tightly around the
cracked area.
"There you go."
The statue looked like it had a bandage around its waist, but it still didn't look too bad.
Kyung Sein's mouth dropped open as she realized my intentions.
"Inho-ssi, this can't be......."
"Yes, that's right."
This world is the <Star Stream>.
A world where everything is a story.
You don't have to beat something up and break it to make a good story.
I smirked, looked at the two of them, and gave a short salute to the statue.
[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is deeply moved by your heart!]
As I looked up, I saw something shiny fall from the sky.
For the sake of future transmigrated readers, I'll kindly point it out.
[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is sponsoring you.]

This is how to survive in this damned <Star Stream>.
Author's Note
Don't damage public property

Episode 6. Star Relic (4)
< Episode 6. Star Relic (4) >

A short while later, we descended into the subway and ate ground rat meat. This was to take
advantage of the 'contamination resistance effect' of the meat.
We had made beef jerky beforehand at Geumho Station, and it came in handy at times like this.
"What, are you eating alone?"
Jung Heewon, who had just returned from washing his face, took a big bite out of the piece of
jerky I was holding and murmured.
"Did anything fun happen?"
"Why?"
"Because you all look like you're having fun."
"Hihihi."
Kyung Sein laughed strangely, and even Dansoo ahjussi had a subtle smile on his face.
I replied.
"We were doing some volunteer work."
"Volunteer work?"
[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' praises the good deeds of the incarnations.]
Well, I wouldn't call it volunteer work, since we got paid.
[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' says that the spirit of the Korean Peninsula is not
dead yet.]
At the constellation's sudden message, Jung Heewon stared at the air and tilted her head.
"Bald?"
[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' warns her not to end that sentence.]

As it turns out, Jung Heewon was still unfamiliar with concepts like constellation and
incarnation.
I briefly explained it.
"I understand roughly what a constellation is. It's like a god, right?"
"That's right."
"So that's why Inho-ssi and the others have repaired the bald...... god's statue?"
An disturbing spark was fluttering over Jung Heewon's head, so I hastily added.
"He's not a bald god, he's a bald general. His real name is Samyeongdang, and he was a great
person in Korea. An excellent man."
[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' calms down.]
"Samyeongdang is a Buddhist monk, right?"
Come to think of it, Jung Heewon doesn't know much about Korean history.
I tried to think of a way to explain, but Kyung Sein replied instead.
"Samyeongdang was a monk in the middle of the Joseon Dynasty. During the Japanese Invasion
of Korea, he defended the Korean Peninsula by fighting against the Japanese troops."
Jung Heewon's eyes widened.
"Sein is smart."
"Hehe."
Kyung Sein winked at me.
In fact, her explanation was an imitation of Yoo Sangah's. It was indeed a masterful response.
Jung Heewon asked.
"So these are all the items Samyeongdang gave you?"
I nodded.
"That's right."
Samyeongdang's 'sponsorship'. The shiny bag contained three items.
[Samyeongdang's Beads]

[Samyeongdang's Straw Mat]
[Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick]
'Samyeongdang's Beads' and 'Samyeongdang's Straw Mat' are items that also appear in the 3rd
turn.
It's the last item, the 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick', that's important.

+

<Item Information>
Name: Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick
Rating: Star Relic
Description: A star relic of the 'Bald General of Justice', a historical-grade constellation of the
Korean Peninsula. Unfortunately, it has been damaged due to poor storage.
As an add-on, it increases Physique by 1 and Magic Power by 1, and provides a significant boost
to magic resistance.
It can deal additional damage to ghost species and other heteromorphic monsters.

+

This time I couldn't keep my mouth shut.
I never thought I'd get another star relic.
An item that even Kim Dokja thought about but never actually got.
[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' shrugs it off.]
I suppose that means our actions pleased Samyeongdang.
I don't know who broke the statue, but I'm very grateful.
"Let's distribute the items."

The first thing I picked up was the Samyeongdang's Straw Mat. In fact, the owner of this item
had already been decided.
"Me? Why?"
Jung Heewon, who received the straw mat, asked, tilting her head.
"I thought it would look good on you."
Kyung Sein, who was beside her, nodded enthusiastically.
Jung Heewon looked down at the item hesitantly, but then made up her mind and put on the
straw mat.
This completed her initial set-up in the 3rd turn, which included 'Samyeongdang's Straw Mat'
and the 'ground rat knife'.
Kyung Sein was impressed and whispered to me.
"I never thought I'd be able to see Heewon-nim's 'early setting' with my own eyes......."
As if sensing something, Jung Heewon glanced over suspiciously. We quickly clapped our hands
and cheered.
"It looks good on you."
"Unni! You look great!"
Dansoo ahjussi, who had been standing still, chimed in.
"You look just like an outlaw in the wilderness."
"Really?"
Jung Heewon looked back and forth at her reflection in the screen door in disbelief.
For reference, when Kim Dokja saw that scene in the original, he commented.
「Actually, no matter how you look at it, it looks like a beggar's blanket.」
He may have said that, but he was probably smiling. We watched Jung Heewon's excitement for
a moment before deciding who would own the rest of the items.
We decided that Kyung Sein would get the 'Samyeongdang's Beads', which has magic resistance,
while Dansoo ahjussi would get the 'Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick', which increases magic
stats.
Kyung Sein asked in an apologetic voice.

"If you give them all to us, what about Inho-ssi?"
"I'm okay. I already have a star relic."
Dansoo ahjussi was overjoyed that he had his first star relic, and he swung the bamboo stick
around in the air. He even gave it a name.
"Wilson."
That's weird. I thought the bracelet was named Wilson.

*

After completing the preparations, we entered the tunnel heading straight for Chungmuro.
While Dansoo ahjussi was using his [Diverse Communication] to sense the danger ahead, Jung
Heewon and Kyung Sein were talking in small voices.
"It's creepy here. A ghost might come out. I think I hear strange cries as well......."
"Don't say that. You can't kill ghosts with a knife."
Come to think of it, it was about time for that 'monster' to come out.
At this point, I was wondering if I should warn my companions, but then I heard a welcomed
message in my ear.
—This guy closes his eyes every time he sees me.
It was Bihyung's 'dokkaebi communication'.
I looked up and smirked.
'I haven't seen you much lately, that's why I closed my eyes.'
—Are you being sarcastic? Only now could I spare some time. The number of kids doing weird
stuff has dropped significantly.
The number has dropped significantly. Normally, this would be good news, but this time, it was
ominous. I had an idea who the friends who were doing the weird stuff might be.
—And the constellations' situation is weird too...... And what have you done to get cursed by the
constellations? Some of them are out to get you these days.
Constellations that are after me?

—Shit, there they go again. I'm leaving.
With those words, Bihyung turned off the communication again.
We have the stream contract, so he came to take care of me for a moment.
By the way, the constellations are cursing me.
I got a sense of what kind of friends they were.
I'm guessing it's the 'Plague-Carrying Rat' we fought a while back. Maybe there's more people
from the Misreading Association possessing constellations.
"Stop it. I really hate ghosts."
"Do I still look like Sein?"
The two were still talking about ghosts.
By now, we were more than halfway through the tunnel. It was time to get ready.
I unwrapped the 'Idea of Almost Anything' from my wrist.
It was shaped like a bracelet now, but it could mimic any item it touched.
I opened the list of items that could be mimicked.

+

<Possible Mimicry List>
1. Magic Restoration Bracelet
2. Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick
.......

+

In preparation for this time, I put a few items on the mimicry list.
'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick' was a top-rated item, so it had a separate condition,

but fortunately, the requirement was to 'have contact with the idea for at least 10 minutes', so I
was able to complete it without any problems.
[You have selected 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick'.]
[The item is top-rated.]
[The item can be mimicked for 1 hour.]
One hour. That's more than enough.
The problem is.
['Idea of Almost Anything' refuses to mimic.]
This guy could refuse the mimicry.
Two long narrow eyes and a mouth appeared on the ring of the bracelet, and a small babbling
sound came out.
"Si-jyo."
That was the only downside to the item ego 'Idea of Almost Anything'.
I couldn't transform it into the shape I needed when I needed it.
Of course, I had a solution.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.4' is activated!]
"From now on, you are the 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick'."
[Incite is effective!]
"Jyo—jyo!"
With a mystic light, the bracelet's form began to change.
['Idea of Almost Anything' has become 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick'.]
[The duration of the mimicry is 1 hour.]
Sure enough, it looked exactly like 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick'. The performance
was the same.
[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is shocked!]
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' asks if it's a scam.]

Surprised, Jung Heewon poked her head over my shoulder.
"Huh. That looks exactly like Dansoo ahjussi's item?"
"I made it for you."
"What? For me?"
"I'm not giving it to you, I'm just lending it to you for a while."
Jung Heewon took the bamboo stick, swung it around, and tilted her head.
"It looks strong. But I have a knife already?"
"Hold on to that. You'll need it. You said earlier that you can't kill ghosts with a knife, but this
can kill ghosts."
"What's wrong with you, Inho-ssi, really?"
"I'm not kidding, something really is going to come out now. Hit everything you see with it."
In the original, Jung Heewon goes on a rampage in the 'Phantom Prison' just before entering
Chungmuro Station.
It's just that they had Kim Dokja and Lee Hyunsung, but if Jung Heewon went on a rampage
here, none of us could stop her.
That's why the 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick' with its magic resistance is a musthave for Jung Heewon at this point.
Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi already had a premonition of what lay ahead.
"Is everyone ready?"
Kyung Sein whispered as she shook the 'Samyeongdang's Beads' on her wrist.
"It's 'Phantom Prison' time now, isn't it? But what are you going to do, Inho-ssi? You don't have
any items with magic resistance."
"I don't need them."
"What?"
At the same time as she said that, something like a fog began to gather around us.
"Be careful, everyone. It's starting."
The final gateway to Chungmuro has finally begun.

[A new sub scenario has arrived!]

+

<Sub Scenario — Phantom Prison>
Category: Sub
Difficulty: D~F
Clear Conditions: Escape from Phantom Prison within the time limit.
Time Limit: 1 hour
Reward: 300 coins
Failure: ???

+

[Sub scenario — 'Phantom Prison' has begun!]
The rising fog quickly covered the tunnel.
My sense of space became disoriented, and the figures of Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi, who
were right next to me, disappeared.
I heard their voices in the distance like a hallucination.
"Jiyoon?"
"U-uaaa!"
Phantom Prison is a space that touches the traumas of incarnations and leads them to madness.
Trapped in this fog, the incarnations are forced to face their most horrific memories.
"Sein-ssi! Dansoo ahjussi! Heewon-ssi! Everyone, wake up, it's all an illusion!"
I shouted, but my voice only echoed in the hollow fog.
The only reassuring thing is that everyone in the group is wearing 'magic resistance' items.

They'll be panicking, but they shouldn't have any trouble escaping the 'Phantom Prison'.
The problem is me.
I don't have the 'Samyeongdang's Beads', nor do I have 'Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick'.
I also don't have the [Fourth Wall] or [Destroy Evil(破魔)] skills like Kim Dokja in the original.
But I wasn't worried.
To be honest, I was even a little excited to find out what I would see.
['Phantom Prison' is experiencing a temporary error!]
Because I didn't have any memories that could be called 'traumatic'.

Author's Note
Thanks.

Episode 7. Trauma (1)
< Episode 7. Trauma (1) >

Episode 7. Trauma

Will the 'Phantom Prison' work in people without any 'trauma'?
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' wonders about your trauma.]
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is looking at you.]
Time passed and nothing appeared in front of me.
As expected, I don't have any trauma after all.
I was born into a normal family, had a normal childhood, and grew up without any incidents.
Although the long period of being an unknown writer was difficult, it was not traumatizing.
I made enough money to put food on my plate by helping professors with their chores, and I
didn't skip meals even if I had to eat triangular kimbap.
If you say it was hard, there is nothing in the world that is not.
So if I don't see anything here, it won't be too strange.
It was then that I heard a voice through the fog.
「"There is no one without a trauma."」
The fog parted to reveal a classroom scene.
Fresh-faced freshmen sat in an oval formation. Some whose names I no longer remember, others
I still keep in touch with.
Among them was me, looking at the professor with a blank expression on my face.
「"Well, let's each share a story."」
With that, the professor sat down and pointed to a student.

The student stood up and immediately began to share their trauma.
「"When I was a kid, my homeroom teacher once told me that my diary was great and read it out
loud in front of my friends."」
They sounded strangely proud.
As I listened, it slowly dawned on me what kind of class this was.
The creative writing program I attended had a famous freshman initiation ritual.
It's where freshmen are brought together and forced to confess their traumas.
It's a ridiculously violent event in retrospect, but at the time, there were those who believed that
such nakedness was the way to true literature.
Clap clap clap clap.
When one person finished, another began to speak.
「"My trauma is......."」
All the misfortunes in the world were gathered there. You could call it a 'misfortune contest'.
My parents' divorce, my grandmother with dementia's disappearance, my family going bankrupt
and getting a foreclosure notice, going to the police station for stealing a motorcycle, having my
house robbed while I was sleeping.......
They were all in their early twenties, so how did they have all those experiences?
It was a mystery to me.
What was even more mysterious was the professor scribbling in his notebook as if he was
grading their traumas.
Finally, it was my turn.
「"I......."」
I thought to myself.
What's the biggest misfortune, the most traumatic event that happened to me?
When I was chased by a dog as a child?
That's too weak.
When I was put in supplementary classes because of my low math scores?

Laughed at.
I couldn't think of any plausible experiences. Compared to my more experienced peers, I had no
story.
Story.
At that moment, an idea popped into my head. Taking a deep breath, I spoke the first sentence as
if opening a universe.
「"I stabbed my father to death."」
Once I spoke the words, the story began to unfold.
I talked about my mother, who loved books, and my father, who was violent whenever he drank.
I talked about my mother protecting me from my father, about the broken bottle rolling across
the floor, about the feeling the first time I held it, about the hard shards of glass digging into my
father's tender back.
The story was so vivid that I suddenly realized that maybe it had really happened.
Maybe not here, but somewhere out there in the universe, a part of me had lived that life.
I was the one who started the story.
But when the story ended, I was part of it.
「"That's it."」
The room was now silent. The students stared at me blankly, without any comments, and the
professor opened his mouth, having forgotten to grade me.
It didn't occur to me until then that I had made a huge mistake, and in my panic, I unnecessarily
blurted out.
「"Oh, it's a lie."」
Maybe that was my trauma.
「That I have no trauma.」
After the fake trauma fiasco, my classmates made comments like this every time they read my
novel.
「"It's another one of those stories that doesn't make sense."」
「"It's not sincere."」

I wondered what sincerity was.
After some time writing a web novel, I still don't know what it is.
To put it bluntly, sincerity to me is,
something like the ghost I see in front of me now.
I smirked and approached the specter.
[The 8th grade ghost species, 'Specter' is looking at you.]
I swung my thorn with all my might. My opponent was a spirit, so the hit damage was low, but
the Specter's face was slightly distorted.
The dying Specter spoke to me.
「"I don't feel you in your novels."」
Why do people want to tell their stories so badly, when there's nothing interesting about them?
「"A writer should have a personality of their own."」
Puhwak, a hole appeared in the Specter's face. Through the gaping hole, a pitch black darkness
stared back at me.
「"You don't have any."」
I stared into the empty hole of the Specter.
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' looks at you with pity.]
There is no need for pity. There is no reason for pity.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier gives you a sad look.]
For in a world where nothing has happened, there is neither sorrow nor joy.
Puhwak!
Once again, the thorn struck the Specter, and it fell to the ground with a choked scream.
I grabbed the Specter by the nape of the neck and said.
"Don't die yet. There's someone I need to meet."
Then I got close to the hole in the Specter and called someone's name.
I don't know if this will work or not.

But, if my guess is right.
—Who is it?
And after a moment.
I heard someone's voice through the fog.
—Yoo Joonghyuk? Is that you?
It was a voice I'd never heard.
—Are you......?
But it was definitely a voice I knew.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.4' is activated!]
'I am Cheon Inho.'
I let go of the Specter's neck and stood up.
In the hazy smoke, a blonde, foreigner girl, looked at me with her eyes wide open in disbelief.
—It's you, 'The One Who Deceived the Stars'.
I nodded and opened my mouth to speak to her.
"Nice to meet you, Anna Croft."

*

rlaehrwk61: Wow, so this is how they meet?
rlaehrwk99: Come to think of it, it makes sense.

*

Yoo Joonghyuk said.
「"You must have met Anna Croft in the Chungmuro tunnel. You recalled the memories of the
last round......."」

The story gave me two hints.
One, there was a way to meet Anna Croft in the 'Chungmuro tunnel'.
Second, I could get the 'memories' of the last turn from Anna Croft.
Anna Croft, who has [Past Sight], is the only person who can find out the information of the last
turn besides Yoo Joonghyuk.
Now that I'm under suspicion from Yoo Joonghyuk, there's nothing better than being able to hear
the story of the previous turn from Anna Croft.
It was for this moment that I faced the Specter without any magic resistance equipment or skills.
As Kim Dokja did, I used the 'Phantom Prison' mechanism to call out Anna Croft.
—How did you know my name? You can't possibly know it now.
"Yoo Joonghyuk told me about you."
—You've already met him?
"I met him by chance, though your reaction makes it seem like that's not how it was supposed to
be."
Anna Croft's eyes shook slightly.
—He really does whatever he wants.
Looking at it, Anna Croft and Yoo Joonghyuk have a connection.
I don't know how these two former enemies ended up working together, but now is the time to
use what I've discovered.
"It's Yoo Joonghyuk, as usual. But I can't wait to hear about it. What happened in the last turn?
He said you'd be able to tell me."
I thought I was making it sound casual, but Anna Croft's eyes shone sharply.
—Last turn? What did you hear from Yoo Joonghyuk? How much do you know?
"Does it matter?"
—Answer.
[The character 'Anna Croft' has used 'Lie Detection Lv.6'!]
I sighed lightly.

This 'Lie Detection' thing.
"Did you forget that I can deceive 'Lie Detection'?"
['Lie Detection' has confirmed that the statement is true.]
Embarrassment flashed across Anna Croft's expression.
—You, how.......
"Let's not go at each other uselessly and get this over with. It doesn't matter who I heard what
from. If you keep dawdling I might change my mind. Right now I'm here to help you, but 10
seconds from now I might feel differently."
—......You're going to help us? Are you serious?
I wondered if I'd said something wrong, but after a moment of silence, Anna Croft spoke up.
—Just before the end of the previous turn, Yoo Joonghyuk said. When I see you in the 41st turn,
he wanted me to show you your memories of the last turn.
As expected.
It was like that.
—To be honest, I had no intention of listening to him because I don't trust you.
"The villain is going to reform, so please help me."
—Cheon Inho, do you even know what you did in the previous turn?
"I don't know, I don't remember."
—I don't know what Yoo Joonghyuk's thinking. You both are just as bad.......
Anna Croft sighed lightly.
It felt like the fog in the Phantom Prison was less thick than it had been earlier. There wasn't
much time left.
"I'm really going to ask you one last time. What happened in the previous turn? I need to know
that much so I can help you or not."
Anna Croft hesitated for a moment, then spoke up, seemingly decided.
—Okay. If you want it so badly, I'll tell you.
"Be quick."

—I hope you have a grain of conscience left, too. So I hope that when you see this story, you
also feel a part of the hellish pain.
As Anna Croft closed one eye quietly I thought that this is not what the woman who enslaved
Yoo Joonghyuk on the 2nd turn would say.
[The character 'Anna Croft' has used 'Past Sight'.]
Past Sight. An unprecedented 'Prophet' op skill that allows you to glimpse your own memories
from the last world line.
Tsuchuchuchut.
With a light spark, images and sensory information flowed into my head.
The acrid smoke made my eyes sting, and somewhere there was a thick odor of blood that made
my head ache.
It didn't smell like the blood of one person or two; it smelled like the blood of at least a thousand
people, all of whom had died, turning the area into a sea of blood.
「"Are you satisfied?"」
A man stood in the center of the bloodbath.
A black coat and a sword stained with blood.
His entire body was stained with blood and dirt, but it didn't dull the glow in his eyes.
I gazed up at the polar night-like sky. I could hardly see stars in the sky. From somewhere, I
heard what sounded like a dragon's cry.
「"You don't know what you have done."」
As if counting the few stars left, the man said in a calm voice.
「"You will never know what you have ruined, what doom you have brought."」
Anger at its peak, reduced to ash.
The emptiness and heartbreak in his voice.
My heart sank just listening to it.
「As always, a man who has walked passed through everything on his own all his life.」
Suddenly, the clouds parted, and a faint starlight illuminated his face.
「Yoo Joonghyuk, the Supreme King of the 40th turn, was there.」

Yoo Joonghyuk dropped his gaze and looked at someone.
A man stood opposite him, unperturbed by the overwhelming momentum of the Supreme King.
A blackish red coat fluttered in the ruins.
Black wings stretched out from the coat.
For a moment, my heart throbbed.
Because I thought he might be Kim Dokja.
「"That's a funny expression, Yoo Joonghyuk. I've already failed this turn, I should start over. Is
that the face you make when you think about that?"」
But the voice wasn't Kim Dokja's.
「"That would be convenient. You can always press the reset button and start everything from
scratch."」
The owner of the voice was laughing.
「"But remember. No master craftsman can make two perfectly identical dolls. The moment you
press the reset button, the world doesn't just disappear, it becomes eternal."」
As if mocking everything in the world, the man continued.
「"This world will always be ruined, and I will forever remain in the deepest recesses of your
memory as an immortal nightmare."」
Though he wore a pure white half-mask, it was not difficult to recognize his face.
It was not hard to recognize his face, for it was the face I faced when I first stepped into this
world.
「"Now, go ahead and reset everything. And struggle and die a slow death, flailing in eternal
nightmares, you damn regressor."」
And there was the 40th turn Cheon Inho.

Author's Note
Thank you for reading today.

Episode 7. Trauma (2)
< Episode 7. Trauma (2) >

I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe that's really the 'Cheon Inho' I know.
「"If you won't end it."」
Cheon Inho's figure, that was standing on a blood tomb, disappeared.
「"I will."」
Wings of pitch black feathers spread from his back. And the next moment.
[The story 'When All the Stars Close Their Eyes' has begun its storytelling.]
I felt goosebumps.
'Cheon Inho' used a story.
What on earth had happened, what had he eaten to grow up this much, to make him so strong at
the 40th turn?
Kookookookookoo.
Yoo Joonghyuk, who grabbed the Splitting the Sky Sword, looked around. But there was no sign
of Cheon Inho.
There was only pitch blackness around him. No starlight could illuminate Cheon Inho's figure.
There was no sign of him, no smell.
「It was as if Yoo Joonghyuk was alone.」
At that moment, something invisible slashed Yoo Joonghyuk's cheek, then his forearm, then his
thigh.
Blood spurted everywhere, as if he was playing with him.
Yoo Joonghyuk didn't fight back, but waited, holding the Splitting the Sky Sword.
I watched the battle with sweaty hands.

Neither his five senses nor my vision could detect the figure of Cheon Inho.
But Yoo Joonghyuk's growing wounds spoke for themselves.
Cheon Inho is here.
Yoo Joonghyuk used the [Red Phoenix Shunpo] to start his movements. Cheon Inho's attacks
became faster. The number of wounds quickly increased.
Shoulders, thighs, neck, calves.
But there were no fatal wounds.
Every time a blow touched his skin, Yoo Joonghyuk was controlling the depth of the wound with
an amazing technique. It was almost a miracle.
Very slowly, Yoo Joonghyuk's lips opened.
「"Open your eyes."」
And then,
[The story 'The King Who Leads the Stars' has begun its storytelling.]
The unbelievable happened.
「"Open your eyes, damn constellations."」
With Yoo Joonghyuk's words, the stars in the far reaches of the night sky began to shine. The
world's few remaining stars were burning themselves to create light.
[The constellation 'Lily Blooming in Aquarius' is looking at the incarnation of Yoo Joonghyuk.]
[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' is looking at the incarnation Yoo Joonghyuk.]
[The constellation 'Guardian of Youths and Travel' is looking at the incarnation Yoo Joonghyuk.]
Gabriel, Uriel and Raphael, the stars of <Eden> were shining.
But their light was not enough to dispel the darkness.
Still, Yoo Joonghyuk said.
「"It's enough."」
For a moment, the uniform darkness shook in disparate ways, and an aggressive energy boiled
through Yoo Joonghyuk's entire body.
The slash on his side and the movement of his Splitting the Sky Sword happened at the same

time.
Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship (破天劍道).
Destruction Technique (絶技).
Breaking the Sky Meteor Strike (破天流星決).
The sword force[1] that could split the night enveloped the tip of Splitting the Sky Sword's blade.
Bright light cut through the darkness, and Splitting the Sky Sword slashed at something.
The blood bursting sound could be heard in the air, and for a moment, Cheon Inho's figure, who
grabbed his chest, was revealed.
Yoo Joonghyuk didn't miss the opportunity to strike at Cheon Inho's abdomen.
Breaking the Sky Force Punch (破天崩拳).
Third Form (第三式).
Thousand Autumns Phoenix (千秋鳳凰).
A brilliant flame wrapped around Yoo Joonghyuk's fist, and an eardrum-bursting roar exploded
from Cheon Inho's abdomen, sending him flying, his body hit a pile of ruins.
Tsuchuchuchut.
Next, the stars in the sky began to extinguish one by one.
The stars that lit up the night sky, fueling all his stories, were dying.
Raphael's star was the first to go, followed by Gabriel's.
The last one was Uriel.
[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' pays homage to incarnation Yoo Joonghyuk.]
Yoo Joonghyuk stared at the spot where Uriel's star had disappeared for a long time, and then
muttered in a low voice as if talking to them.
「"I'm sorry."」
It was unbelievable.
Yoo Joonghyuk hated the constellations of the night sky more than anyone else in the world. In
particular, before he met Kim Dokja, he was the embodiment of vengeance who would not stop
regressing until he had knocked out every star in the sky.
And yet, he apologized to the constellations.

My head was spinning, I didn't understand what was going on.
Was this story in the 40th turn of 'Ways of Survival'?
If such a story existed, there's no way Kim Dokja wouldn't have known about it.
At that moment, the question arose for the first time.
「Did 'Ways of Survival' really record all of Yoo Joonghyuk's regressions?」
According to Kim Dokja's narration, yes.
Regressions where Yoo Joonghyuk went crazy and gave up quickly were gradually omitted, but
there were no regressions that were not recorded in the 'Ways of Survival'.
Then what is this view I'm looking at.
In Kim Dokja's recollections, Yoo Joonghyuk was not this strong in the early rounds. It took at
least hundreds of regressions for him to become strong enough to kill the constellations.
However, in the 40th turn, he seemed to be stronger than even the narrative-grade constellations
in the sky.
Not only was Yoo Joonghyuk stronger, but so was Cheon Inho.
Spreading his demonic wings and using the power of stories freely.
There was no way that the meticulous Kim Dokja, who had memorized every single one of the
1,863 turns of Ways of Survival, could not have remembered Cheon Inho like that.
If Kim Dokja knew, he would have thought of the 40th turn Cheon Inho as soon as he saw him.
Therefore, there is only one reasonable explanation to this whole situation.
There is a world that Kim Dokja has not read.
「There are world lines that are not written in 'Ways of Survival'.」
But how?
It was like a big bang in my head, like the moment when I thought of the false trauma.
「In the '41st turn', Yoo Joonghyuk sent Shin Yooseung to the past world line, and Shin
Yooseung became the 'Disaster of Floods'.」
The moment that thought popped into my head, I remembered the snowy landscape that I had
walked with Kim Dokja.
「'Ways of Survival' is the story of Yoo Joonghyuk after he turned Shin Yooseung into the

'Disaster of Floods'.」
In the snowy field where I had walked with Kim Dokja, the footprints split in two.
「Then, where is the story of Shin Yooseung before she became the 'Disaster of Floods' written
down?」
There were two footprints, one that went on indefinitely, and one that disappeared in the middle.
「The story of the 41st turn with Yoo Joonghyuk before Shin Yooseung became the 'Disaster of
Floods'.」
The story remained only a brief flashback in 'Ways of Survival'.
It wasn't even properly recorded in the 'Ways of Survival'.
If I'm looking at the memories of that world right now.
「"Stop pretending, Cheon Inho, I know you're alive."」
At those words, Cheon Inho rose from the pile of ruins.
「"Now you've lost even your last colleague, Yoo Joonghyuk."
"......."
"No star is watching over you anymore."」
Two swords clashed in the air.
One was Yoo Joonghyuk's Splitting the Sky Sword. The other.
「"Black Heavenly Demon Sword, you have been in Murim."
"Not only in Murim."」
The black imprints on Cheon Inho's neck and the backs of his hands were smeared like blood.
Demon Force (魔氣).
Cheon Inho was using demonic energy.
The energy that enveloped the Black Heavenly Demon Sword formed into sword force, which
then crashed down on Yoo Joonghyuk.
In response, Yoo Joonghyuk's entire body turned golden.
Transcendent Form (超越形).

Kookookookookoo!
It was a bloody battle.
Cheon Inho's and Yoo Joonghyuk's magical powers intermittently burned the darkness, and the
blazing stories bit into each other's flesh.
Covered in blood, Yoo Joonghyuk shouted, and Cheon Inho's left arm flew through the air. Next,
Cheon Inho's sword pierced Yoo Joonghyuk's side.
Finally, all the light around them disappeared. The two men's magic power was completely
exhausted.
No stars shone upon them. No stories recorded their battle.
「Only I could imagine their fight in this darkness.」
A full night. Two men were fighting. Something was slashed, something was torn.
They didn't stop. The sound of stabbing and slashing echoed through the blackness of no
conversation.
Blood dripping, blades breaking, and then,
the sound of someone falling.
「"Are you satisfied now?"」
Yoo Joonghyuk asked.
「"Satisfied with what?"」
Cheon Inho replied.
The sound of someone falling was heard once more.
「"With ruining this world."」
Silence followed.
The hard breathing of the two men echoed intermittently.
A voice spoke again.
「"I should have killed you the first time I saw you."
"But you didn't."
"It was a mistake."

"Did you kill them all in the other turns?"
"I did."
"Then I've succeeded in avenging the last turn. Though I don't remember it anyway."」
I heard the sound of blood dripping out. It was impossible to tell whose blood it was.
「"I never asked you before."
"What do you mean?"
"Why you live the way you do."」
A laugh of disbelief.
「"I just lived hard. I've only lived a little longer this time."
"Honestly, I was surprised this time. I didn't think you'd take on all the Ten Evils."
"You underestimated the capabilities of this body."
"I admit it."
"You should have had me as a colleague sooner."」
They fought and fought and fought, finally reaching the end of this terrible war.
It was only at this moment that Cheon Inho's joke was possible.
Because he had fought as hard as he could.
And because they both realized that this moment was the end of this world.
After a pause, Yoo Joonghyuk's serious voice continued.
「"I should have. But it's too late for this life."」
A muffled laugh echoed in the darkness.
「"Do you mean to say that in your next life, you will have me as a colleague? The body of the
Ten Evil, Evil Sophist, your arch enemy?"
"......."
"Why don't you answer me, Yoo Joonghyuk?"
"That wasn't enough to be my arch enemy."」
After a short silence, Yoo Joonghyuk spoke.

「"If the world were to repeat itself once more, would you be willing to live a different life?"」
Cheon Inho was speechless for a long time.
Just as I wondered if he was dead, the voice continued.
「"Are you serious? I killed your colleagues."
"I know."
"And you still want me as one of your colleagues?"
"Not quite a colleague, but close."
"......Are you out of your mind?"」
Cheon Inho's voice was filled with hatred for Yoo Joonghyuk and grief for this world.
「"Why would you need my help? You can repeat the world infinitely anyway. No matter how
difficult the scenario is, if you try again and again, you'll eventually clear it."
"......."
"Don't think of making me your colleague. I will be your enemy in the next turn, and I will be
your enemy again, and again, and again."」
As he spoke, Chen Inho's breathing became weaker and weaker. Little by little, his physical
strength was declining.
「"Hurry up and press the reset button. Face me as an enemy forever."」
There are heroes and there are villains.
Cheon Inho chose the path of the villain.
He dismissed all the possibilities and declared that he would become a clown, a villain who was
constantly resurrected.
Then the hero asked.
「"Why do you think resets are infinite?"」
I heard someone inhale. Maybe it was my breath.
「"Cheon Inho."」
For a moment, a nameless star twinkled somewhere in the deep night sky.
The moon, which had been hidden in the darkness, received the light and illuminated the ground

once more.
「"I can only press the reset button once now."」
A chill ran down my spine.
In the dusky moonlight, Yoo Joonghyuk was looking this way.
He seemed to be speaking to me across a distant world line.
「"In the next turn, everything in this universe will be destroyed permanently."」

Author's Note
Thank you.

[1] 검강(劍罡) is a martial arts term which roughly translates to 'high level swordsmanship' that
is used by martial artists in Chinese fantasy novels. They are even capable of using their bodies
as weapons. '검강' is basically of stronger version of 검기 ("aura of a sword; sword aura; sword
energy"). (Explanation from Hardcore Leveling Warrior fandom wiki)

Episode 7. Trauma (3)
< Episode 7. Trauma (3) >

The 'next turn' that Yoo Joonghyuk was referring to was the one I was currently in.
「41st turn.」
Yoo Joonghyuk said.
In this turn, everything in the universe will be destroyed permanently.
My heart raced.
What the hell does that mean?
I couldn't stop thinking about the disconnected footprints in the middle of the snowfield.
[Your mental state is extremely unstable!]
['Incite' is shaking.]
With a light spark, the memory became noisy.
My normal vision scattered, and before I knew it, Anna Croft was standing in front of me.
「Who.......」
The Great Demon's Eye glowed in one of her glaring pupils. Something went wrong.
「......are you?」
I was caught off guard. The power of the [Incite] had weakened, and my disguise as Cheon Inho
had been shattered.
「You're...... You're not Cheon Inho.」
The fog around me started to disperse faster.
The moment Anna Croft reached out to me with an urgent look on her face.
「Anna, stop coming around.」

Along with the unfamiliar voice, I heard the snap of someone's fingers, and with that sound, my
vision went black for a moment. And then.
Peok.
Something hit me in the back of the head. I turned around in dizzying pain, and there stood a
woman holding the 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick'.
"Huh? Inho-ssi?"
It was Jung Heewon.
*
It was an unheard choice to give the 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick' which was
cloned with the 'Idea' to Jung Heewon.
She was the only one of the group who didn't fall into the 'Phantom Prison'.
"The monsters were a little weird. They didn't attack me, they just stared at me......."
"What did you do?"
"I got creeped out, so I closed my eyes and swung at them, and they stopped......."
I looked down at the crumpled Specter and sighed. Jung Heewon scolded me.
"You could have told me more beforehand."
It would have been nice, but I hated the fact that the moment I told her, I would have to explain
why I knew that.
Once again, I felt the wisdom of Kim Dokja's words.
"I didn't know for sure either. What about the others?"
"I laid them over there."
I turned my head and saw Dansoo ahjussi stretched out and Kyung Sein curled up in a ball.
"It's been like that since earlier."
I was surprised. Dansoo ahjussi was holding the original copy of the 'Damaged Samyeongdang's
Bamboo Stick', and Kyungsein was holding 'Samyeongdang's Beads'.
Even though I gave them each an item with magic resistance, it wasn't enough.
Still reeling from the shock of their Phantom Prison, Dansoo ahjussi grunted like a sick man,
while Kyung Sein crouched down and repeatedly asked not to hit her.

I sat next to them and wiped their sweaty foreheads.
Kyung Sein and Lee Dansoo.
These were the people who proved their 'value' in the infamous first scenario.
They weren't afraid to look at the corpses of people, and they fought bravely against those
terrifying ground rats.
Maybe that's why I vaguely thought they would be okay.
「They're just ordinary readers.」
It wasn't the monsters nor the killing, it was the reality they lived in that brought down those two
who stood up to the scenarios.
「Ordinary people who were unfortunate enough to be transmigrated into this world.」
I felt my heart grow cold again.
What was I going to do with them? Was I going to raise them, soothe them, train them, and take
them on some exciting adventure?
Kyung Sein slowly opened her eyes and looked up at me.
"U-uuh......?"
He[1] sat up shakily and looked around anxiously.
It was as her tormentor was still lurking somewhere in the darkness.
I patted her on the back and said.
"Sein-ssi, we've got all the Specters. We've recovered the Specter's Stones. You're safe now, just
breathe slowly."
Kyung Sein, who was breathing heavily, let out a slightly sobbing voice.
"Inho-ssi......."
"Yes."
"Kim Dokja...... went through something like this. He overcame something like this."
Clearly, Kim Dokja is a great person. The more time I spend in this world, the more I realize
that.
"You overcame it too, Sein-ssi."

Kyung Sein shook her head helplessly and asked.
"Are you okay, Inho-ssi?"
"Fortunately."
"How did...... Do you really have a 'Fourth Wall' or something?"
"It's just that my life didn't have many ups and downs. Ahjussi, are you awake?"
Checking my face, Dansoo ahjussi burst into tears.
"Alive."
I don't know what he was dreaming about, but he grabbed my arm and wiped the tears away.
"Hurry up...... Let's go to the next station."
I don't know what he was dreaming about.
But I know what he wanted to find in this world when he woke up.
"We're almost in Chungmuro. You'll find her soon enough."
Going to Chongmuro would start the third scenario, and once that was over, we would be able to
interact with the other stations in earnest.
We'll find out Jiyoon's news soon enough.
"Don't worry, I'll find her no matter what."
Ahjussi nodded weakly.
"Then let's get moving."
As I helped Dansoo ahjussi to his feet, Jung Heewon also helped Kyung Sein up.
Jung Heewon asked.
"Will it be okay? We should let them rest a little longer......."
"It's better to rest when we get to the station. The tunnel is dangerous."
After only three stops, the two were exhausted.
Jung Heewon, who was walking beside me, asked in a small voice.
"Inho-ssi."
"Yes."

"You're not overdoing it, are you?"
"No."
Dansoo ahjussi's arms were damp with cold sweat.
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' looks at the group worriedly.]
[The constellation 'Pig Living in a Brick House' cheers you on.]
Some readers may have encountered Specter in other regions.
I wonder if they survived.
[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' watches you.]
If they died somewhere in this world, whose fault were their deaths?
Whoever brought them into this world's? Or—
「"There is no way such a villain exists in this world."」
I felt faintly dizzy, and I could smell blood somewhere.
Was this another Specter?
Or did I never escape from the 'Phantom Prison'?
"Wait. There's something...... wrong."
Dansoo ahjussi said hesitantly.
There was a squishy feeling on my toes. When the smartphone's flash lit up on the floor, it
revealed a bloody railroad track. Strewn about were the bodies of neither man nor monster.
"Ugh."
Kyung Sein held back her nausea and raised her shield, while Jung Heewon's expression
hardened and she grabbed the 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick' that was made with the
'Idea'.
But there was no sign of [⬜⬜] being triggered yet.
If the situation was truly dangerous, the color of the world would have changed first.
"Let's move forward slowly. It's not too bad yet."
I took the lead and began to move forward, clearing the railroad tracks.

Some of the dead outer species on the ground looked familiar. They resembled the Ratmen we'd
encountered in the 'Edge of Darkness'. There were also some that resembled the reptilian
creatures Bang Cheolsoo had mentioned.
There must have been some kind of war for so many of them to die at once.
Most of the bodies bore bullet holes.
"Mate."
Dansoo ahjussi called out to me.
A light was shining some distance away.
"Ugh, there."
As Kyung Sein spoke, a girl doll was seen under the dim light.
Long hair on a ponytail.
"Ah......."
The moment Kyung Sein saw her, she stopped dead in his tracks, as if she'd been electrocuted.
And for good reason.
Running into that little girl was proof that we had finally arrived at Chungmuro.
[The exclusive skill 'Character List' is activated.]

+

<Character Summary>
Name: Lee Jihye
Age: 17 years old
Sponsor: Maritime War God (海上戰神)
Exclusive Attributes: Scarred Sword Demon (Rare)
Exclusive Skills: [Sword Training Lv.3], [Demon Slaying Lv.1], [Absolute Sense Lv.3], [Ghost
Walk Lv.1]

Stigma: [Sea Battle Lv.1], [Large Army Command Lv.1]
Overall Stats: [Physique Lv.16], [Strength Lv.15], [Agility Lv.16], [Magic Power Lv.11].
Overall Evaluation: A person who evolved into a 'Scarred Sword Demon' after killing her closest
friend. The sponsor behind her doubts you.
* 'Starter Pack' is currently applied.

+

The second <Kim Dokja's Company> member I meet in the 41st turn.
Yoo Joonghyuk's first sword, and the incarnation of Maritime War God Yi Sunsin.
The only survivor of Daepong Girls' High School, Lee Jihye.
Wearing her trademark hood zipped-up, she stamped her foot on the railroad tracks and looked
toward Chungmuro Station.
Jung Heewon whispered.
"Do you know her?"
Not yet.
If I had to say something.
"She's the disciple of a bastard I know."
It was then that the indirect message came to mind.
[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is touched at meeting an old companion.]
I realized that the same message was in the main story of Omniscient Reader.
The problem was the message that came back.
[Lee Jihye's sponsor warns the 'Bald General of Justice' to go back quickly because it's
dangerous here.]
Dangerous?
[Main Scenario #2 - Meeting has ended.]

[The compensation will be settled.]
I tossed the reward message aside and looked back at the group.
"I'll take the lead."
Neither Kyung Sein nor Dansoo ahjussi were in any condition to fight.
For now, I must take the lead.
Just then, Lee Jihye, who was crossing her arms in the distance, looked over.
"Oh? What's that?"
Lee Jihye gripped the hilt of her sword, and Jung Heewon stepped forward as if to protect me.
I approached with both my hands raised to show that I meant no hostility.
"Hello. We're from Geumho Station."
"You can't go through here, so go back."
Look at that.
Another twist from the original.
"We have no ill intentions. We'd like to join Chungmuro. Can you please accept us?"
At this point, Chungmuro would be in the middle of the third scenario, 'Green Zone'.
'Green Zone' is a scenario in which you must occupy a 'Green Zone' on the station or be hunted
by monsters every night.
Since Lee Jihye is a rival of Gong Pildu, the ruler of Chungmuro Station, there was no reason for
her to stop us.
"Master told me not to let anyone come here."
Yoo Joonghyuk?
"Is Yoo Joonghyuk in Chungmuro?"
"Do you know my Master?"
"I do."
"Then why didn't you say so earlier?"
As Lee Jihye's eyes widened, she smiled and took a step closer.

"Master told me to kill all the bastards who knew him."
"Heewon-ssi!"
At the same time I shouted Jung Heewon's name instinctively, Lee Jihye's figure disappeared.
Kagagagak!
Jung Heewon's ground rat knife, which was imbued with [Kendo], accurately stopped Lee Jihye's
[Sword Training].
Surprised, Lee Jihye muttered.
"Wow, look at this unni."
Despite the fact that Jung Heewon's overall stats were higher than in the original, Lee Jihye and
Jung Heewon were still neck and neck.
This meant that Lee Jihye was also stronger than at the same point in the original.
"Heewon-ssi! Buy me a few minutes! Please!"
At my shout, Jung Heewon threw something at me.
"Take this!"
It was the 'Damaged Samyeondang's Bamboo Stick' made by the 'Idea'.
I quickly snatched up the Bamboo Stick and said to the two people behind me.
"Stay here for a moment."
As I passed by, Lee Jihye shouted in a sharp voice.
"Hey! Stop!"
According to the original, Chungmuro is currently on Day 2 of the 'Green Zone' scenario.
It wasn't odd for Yoo Joonghyuk to be in Chungmuro.
The problem is that this is the unrivaled 41st turn Yoo Joonghyuk.
I could hear a light explosion coming from Chungmuro Station.
I sped up my pace, shrugging off the ominous premonition. A dozen steps later, the Chungmuro
platform came into view.
The first thing I saw was a large hole in the center of the platform floor, and people hiding in the
stairwells and other places.

The terrified citizens were all looking at the two men who were fighting on the hole in the
platform.
One, needless to say, was Yoo Joonghyuk.
The problem was the person on the other side.
"Damn you. How dare you cross my land?"
You know the drill.
The short-tempered Yoo Joonghyuk has gotten into a fight with Gong Pildu.
Fortunately, the fight doesn't seem to be a full-fledged fight yet, so there's still hope.
"Ahjussi, kill him quickly."
A boy's voice came from behind Gong Pildu.
At the same time, Gong Pildu nodded.
"Yes. I was about to."
I wondered if he's already made this area his [Private Property]. Mini-turrets rose from his
[Armed Zone] all at once.
Seven turrets in total.
It was two more than in the 3rd turn of Omniscient Reader.
But that's not enough to stop Yoo Joonghyuk.
Kooooo.
This is because in the 40th turn, Yoo Joonghyuk is a monster that has already surpassed the
narrative-grade constellations.
The moment he holds the spear, Gong Pildu will certainly die.
[The character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' wants to do something unexpected].
[The activation conditions for the exclusive skill '⬜⬜' has been met.]
[You have entered the 'Snowfield'.]
Luckily, the 'Snowfield' was triggered.
In the image that went colorless, the mini-turret began charging, and Yoo Joonghyuk held the
spear handle in his hand.

It was a close call.
I have to change the story somehow.
But.
[You have an absurdly low understanding of that character.]
[You can't intervene in the character's actions.]
Damn it.
I've seen this message before.
A few days ago, when the poisonous rhinoceros appeared, I entered the Snowfield, apparently
because of that 'Yoo Joonghyuk's unexpected behavior.
Back then and now, I couldn't write a sentence.
I don't know what kind of person Yoo Joonghyuk is in the 41st turn.
All I know is that he was portrayed as an extremely vicious being in 'Ways of Survival'.......
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]
I checked the feedback.

+

rlaehrwk99: But is the 41st turn Yoo Joonghyuk really that bad?
rlaehrwk37: There is no such thing as a bad Yoo Joonghyuk in the world.

+

And the moment I read that comment.
[Your understanding of the character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has increased slightly.]
Something strange happened.

Author's Note
There's no such thing as a bad person who eats soil

[1] Basically, they almost never use pronouns in Korean so until now Lee Hakhyun only called
her by her name when talking about her or didn't use any pronouns. In this sentence, he used
"he". Since he normally refers to her as a girl or only says she has a muscular man soul, and
Kyung Sein didn't have any problems using female specific terms either, like calling Jung
Heewon, I'll leave it as she/her.

Episode 8. Representative Kim Dokja (1)
< Episode 8.Representative Kim Dokja (1) >

Episode 8. Representative Kim Dokja

My understanding of Yoo Joonghyuk has increased. It wasn't hard to find the reason.
Perhaps the comments left by kkoma Kim Dokjas had some kind of influence on me.
「Is the 41st turn Yoo Joonghyuk really a bad guy?」
The moment I heard those words, it was like hundreds of circuits in my head lit up at once.
「"I lost a bad shield."」
「"In the future, sea battles will be a bit difficult."」
In my head, the lines I had written for Yoo Joonghyuk popped up. In those lines, he was more of
a villain than a good guy.
Moreover, Shin Yooseung from the 41st turn had also expressed her deep disappointment in Yoo
Joonghyuk.
But what was the Yoo Joonghyuk I peeped at in the theater of my dream like?
「"The marginalized group can come out in peace. I'll show you how to get food from now on."」
And what about the 40th turn Yoo Joonghyuk I saw through Anna Croft?
「"If the world were to repeat itself once more, would you be willing to live a different life?"」
Can I really categorize Yoo Joonghyuk as a 'villain'?
In the slow-moving time of the Snowfield, I acknowledged that the words I read and wrote were
only a part of the life Yoo Joonghyuk lived. This is especially true for the 41st turn Yoo
Joonghyuk.
There was only one sentence I could write about him now.
「I don't know Yoo Joonghyuk.」

[Your understanding of the character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has increased slightly.]
[You are now able to write about the character 'Yoo Joonghyuk'.]
I checked the window in front of me, like checking the first footprints in the Snowfield.

+

# Protagonist's Choice
「At that moment, Yoo Joonghyuk ⬜⬜.......」
* At your current skill level, you can write a total of 20 additional characters.

+

Only 20 caracteres.
That was all I could write about 'Yoo Joonghyuk' at the moment.
[Your understanding of the character is low.]
[The number of times you can describe this scene is limited.]
[You can only describe the scene once.]
I only got one chance.
I calmly closed my eyes and thought about the Yoo Joonghyuk I had seen with my own eyes.
The closest person to the current Yoo Joonghyuk was the Yoo Joonghyuk I saw in the 40th turn
in the 'Phantom Prison', and the Yoo Joonghyuk who left two 'Elaine Forest Essence' beads at
Geumho Station.
[Your understanding of the character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has increased slightly.]
I thought.
[Your understanding of the character 'Yoo Joonghyuk' has increased slightly.]
I thought again.

20 characters. Barely enough to describe a single line of character behavior.
In those 20 characters, what can I express about Yoo Joonghyuk?
I often had this problem when I was writing Omniscient Reader. When I couldn't write the right
line or action for a character.
「"Just write it."」
At such times, Ji Eunyoo would say.
「"Trust the characters who have lived in the world you created, and just write it."」
Once again, all I could do was helplessly believe her words.
「Believe in Yoo Joonghyuk, who has lived in this world.」
I wrote a sentence for him.
It wasn't much, really.
But that one line was all I understood about him and all I could give him now.
[This story is plausible.]
[This story's reproduction success rate is 93%.]
[There's enough probability.]
[Do you want to check the reader's feedback?]

+

rlaehrwk37: Yoo Joonghyuk is Yoo Joonghyuk

+

I read that feedback wordlessly. I couldn't tell from the feedback whether this 'reproduction'
would be successful or not.
All I can say now is that I'm on the same page as KimDokja37.

[Successfully recreating the scene.]
[Leaving the 'Snowfield'.]
The colorless time scattered. The guns of the mini-turrets were about to fire.
「At that moment, Yoo Joonghyuk put down the spear.」
The faint spark in Yoo Joonghyuk's right hand was the effect of my sentence.
However, when he released the spear from his hand, he looked confused. He didn't understand
why he suddenly did what he did.
From here, it was up to Yoo Joonghyuk
The Yoo Joonghyuk I saw. The unfortunate protagonist who wanted to save the world, even by
joining hands with a villain.
「In fact, Yoo Joonghyuk knew. He knew that he shouldn't kill Gong Pildu right now.」
「Because this would be his last turn.」
"Die."
The mini-turrets that had finished charging spewed out fire. It was a shell that even the Steel
Sword Lee Hyunsung had trouble blocking. Even if Yoo Joonghyuk was a monster who
slaughtered a 7th grade monster species, there was no way he would be safe if he was hit by a
series of turrets like that.
「Seven turrets in total. If they all hit at the same time, even Yoo Joonghyuk will be in danger.」
But Yoo Joonghyuk didn't move. He didn't even hold his spear.
His expression was one of deep confusion. Maybe it was the sentence I wrote that shook his
judgment.
But that was enough, Yoo Joonghyuk already did his part.
Then, this time,
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.4' is activated!]
It was my turn to take responsibility for my words.
「Turn into an 'Old Iron Shield'.」
At the same time as I used Incite, 'Idea of Almost Anything' glowed.
When Yoo Joonghyuk looked up, the shells were already in front of him.

Kwaaaaang!
I blocked Yoo Joonghyuk's way by a hair's breadth. The impact felt like it would shatter my
shield.
But I held on.
I was able to hold on.
Because my strength level was now higher than Lee Hyunsung's.
"Yoo Joonghyuk. Wise decision. You must never kill Gong Pildu to achieve what you want."
When I glanced back, Yoo Joonghyuk was looking at me in surprise.
"Why are you looking at me like that? You said we'd be on the same side sometime."
I don't know what the 41st turn Yoo Joonghyuk will go through in the future.
I don't know what tragedy he's been through, what despair he's been through, or how he's come
to this conclusion.
But I can see it in his face now.
「This world may not end in tragedy.」
I smirked at Yoo Joonghyuk, ending the conversation.
"I'll show you how I was able to make the Ten Evils my allies."

*

Kwaaaaang!
A distant bang. Watching Cheon Inho take the shells, the woman in the white coat frowned in the
darkness.
She bit the lemon candy on her mouth and muttered.
"The more I look at him, the crazier he is."
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' chuckles.]
"What did he think he was doing, running right up to him? Did he forget that he's Cheon Inho?"

[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' says that he misses it.]
The woman pursed her lips for a long time at those words, and then muttered through her teeth.
"......I don't miss him one bit."
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' says they never said they missed someone.]
"Shut up."

*

My sudden entry caused a lull in the station.
Luckily, Yoo Joonghyuk stepped back as if to observe.
In the distance, Lee Jihye and the others were looking at me with wide eyes.
I'm at my limit. Guys.
Of course, they weren't the only ones who were surprised.
"You...... What?"
Gong Pildu asked, and I replied.
"I'm Cheon Inho."
"Who wants to know your stupid name?"
The growling Gong Pildu showed signs of charging his mini-turret again, so I quickly added.
"If you don't mind, I'd like to have a word with the person behind you."
"What?"
At my words, the boy who had been hiding behind Gong Pildu's back poked his head out.
I waved to the boy who made eye contact.
"Hello?"
The boy quickly hid again.
An unfamiliar face.

In the entirety of Omniscient Reader, there had never been a boy like him by Gong Pildu's side.
[Using 'Readers' Comments List' in this person.]
[Checking the reader's profile information.]
Just by looking at it, I already knew what kind of person he would be.
Hmm, so he's like that.
While I was quickly checking the reader's information, Gong Pildu looked back at the boy and
asked.
"Do you know him?"
The boy shook his head.
"Wait. Think again."
That's not good enough.
Fortunately, a wonderful reader of mine once told me how to deal with a situation like this.
"Aren't we 'between friends'?"
"Friends......?"
"Between friends."
Suddenly, the boy's expression changed.
Before I knew it, the rest of the party was standing next to me.
The boy looked back and forth between me and my group a few times, and his eyes widened
when he realized that Jung Heewon was among us.
Slowly, the boy's small lips opened.
"9158......?"

*

A moment later, I was grabbed by the nape of my neck by Yoo Joonghyuk and dragged toward
the railroad tracks.

I'm used to this by now.
In the distance, I could see the boy talking to my party.
A few steps away from him, Gong Pildu was staring at this side with disapproving eyes.
Yoo Joonghyuk looked at Gong Pildu and asked without even glancing at me.
"How did you convince him?"
"Because a villain knows best about villains."
"Cheon Inho......."
"I'm The One Who Deceived the Stars, and the Evil Sophist."
Yoo Joonghyuk looked back at me.
"What you need is not the human Cheon Inho, but the 'Ten Evil' that tormented you."
Yoo Joonghyuk suspects that I am not Cheon Inho. The best I can do now is to convince him of
'my' usefulness.
"How can I trust you?"
"Weren't you the one who trusted me and asked me to be on the same side?"
"Did you recover the memories of the previous turn? Looks like you managed to meet Anna
Croft."
Fortunately, he seems to be able to communicate to some extent.
As expected, Kim Dokja was right. There is no such thing as a bad Yoo Joonghyuk in the world.
"But the situation has changed from the previous turn. It was a ridiculous idea to join hands with
a Ten Evil after all."
There may be a liar Yoo Joonghyuk.
I quickly added before Yoo Joonghyuk could grab a spear and stab me.
"Don't think too much. This isn't the time to be picky with your colleagues. Are you thinking of
hitting the reset button again?"
"You."
Unfortunately, I don't know everything that happened in the 40th turn. What I heard was only
part of the conversation between Yoo Joonghyuk and Cheon Inho.

But for now, it's enough for me.
"Didn't you say yourself that this was the last time you could reset and that everything in the
universe would be destroyed in this turn? Was it all a lie?"
Yoo Joonghyuk's eyes shook wildly.
"Honestly, you don't seem very desperate right now."
After a moment of silence, Yoo Joonghyuk stared into the darkness of the tunnel, as if there was
a fierce enemy beyond it.
"I need a moment to think."
With that, Yoo Joonghyuk started to tap the railroad tracks with the tip of his spear and began to
pace.
I left him alone with his thoughts and approached the others.
The boy from Chungmuro was already exchanging information with the others, especially
Kyung Sein, which he seemed to be extremely close to.
"This is the 41st turn?"
"Yes, that's right."
"Oh my God. So that's why that Yoo Joonghyuk...... No wonder he was such a scum......."
I had a general idea of what they were talking about.
Apparently, the boy didn't know how many turns Yoo Joonghyuk had passed through.
The mumbling boy spotted me and jumped up from his seat.
Kyung Sein introduced the boy to me.
"Inho-ssi! This is the 7th Apostle from the Seven Apostles!"
The 7th Apostle.
Like Killer King, this boy was also a member of the Seven Apostles. If he was the 7th Apostle,
he must be the last of the Apostles.
I extended my hand, and the boy nervously shook it.
"Oh, hello."
"Yes, it's nice to meet you."

"So this is what Cheon Inho looks like...... He's much more handsome than what I've read."
I grasped the boy's small hand and smiled bitterly.
It was the first compliment I heard since I possessed Cheon Inho.
"Thank you. Why don't we start by introducing ourselves? I'm Cheon Inho, as you know."
"I'm Ye Hyunwoo."
"That's your name, right?"
"Yes."
Ye Hyunwoo.
Listening to the name, I seemed to remember that there was a character with that name in
Chungmuro's setting.
Ye Hyunwoo's sparkling eyes looked closely at my face, and then he asked.
"But how did you know I was an apostle?"
How did I know.

+

ID: Princemaker77[1]
Platform: Series
Total Comments: 681
Reader Level: 97
Number of Reads: 50.4 times
* You can use coins to view the comments written by this reader.
* Number of comments currently available for free: 3.

+

I couldn't help but know.
Once I checked the platform, it was clear he wasn't an illegal reader, and more importantly, this
boy had over 50 reads.
He's not like Killer King with 99.8 complete reads (almost 100 reads), but he's definitely like 0.5
of him.
So I thought.
Anyone who has read the novel this many times is 100% a member of 'that organization'.
"I recently met someone who seemed to have a similar vibe."
"Who?"
"Killer King."
"The 2nd Apostle? You're saying I'm like him?"
Ye Hyunwoo blushed as if he had heard something inaudible.
Seeing him like this, he was more likeable than that wannabe Yoo Joonghyuk.
"I actually heard from him. I heard there was a reader possessing a supporting villain. I guess it
was Cheon Inho-ssi. Anyway, that bastard's always trying to be meaningful. Cheon Inho......."
"Killer King has been here?"
Ye Hyunwoo nodded.
"It's been a while. He even asked me to go with him, but I'm not the adventurous type."
Certainly, his choice to have Gong Pildu as his partner made that clear.
Safety first.
A wise choice in an apocalypse like this.
"By the way, thanks for stopping me earlier. If I had known that he was the 41st turn Yoo
Joonghyuk, I would have never fought him. Damn Killer King, he didn't even tell me that."
Killer King doesn't know that either. Reader-nim.
By the way, this reader is not very normal either.
Even if he didn't know it was the 41st turn, I can't believe someone who's read Omniscient
Reader 50 times thought of fighting Yoo Joonghyuk.

"That part is a bit complicated."
Ye Hyunwoo said in a weak voice.
"I'm at the third stage of the tech tree[2] 「Plan to Raise an Invincible Castellan at Home」. I
should have been able to cover Yoo Joonghyuk by now, according to my calculations......."
What...... Plan?
After letting out a deep sigh, Ye Hyunwoo said an unexpected name.
"Fuck, if Jiyoon was with me, I wouldn't have made this mistake."

Author's Note
Jiyoon-ah!

[1] Princemaker77: It's originally in English.
[2] In strategy games, a technology, tech, or research tree is a hierarchical visual representation
of the possible sequences of upgrades a player can unlock (most typically representing the
research progress of a given faction). (From Wikipedia)

Episode 8. Representative Kim Dokja (2)
< Episode 8.Representative Kim Dokja (2) >

"D-did you just say Jiyoon?"
Dansoo ahjussi asked, and Ye Hyunwoo frowned warily.
"What?"
"Jiyoon! Do you know Jiyoon?"
"She's my friend, why?"
"Where is Jiyoon now?"
Ye Hyunwoo looked in my direction, startled by ahjussi's sudden outburst.
I tried to calm ahjussi down as he breathed heavily.
"His daughter's name is 'No Jiyoon'."
Ye Hyunwoo's eyes widened.
"No Jiyoon? Really?"
After looking back and forth between me and the ahjussi, Ye Hyunwoo muttered in a cautious
voice.
"But it could be someone with the same name......."
"Hyunwoo-ssi, is your friend the same Jiyoon who said she's going to marry Yoo Joonghyuk in
the future?"
In response to my question, Ye Hyunwoo nodded with a dazed expression.
"Huh? That's right. Wow, you really are Jiyoon's father. No, but if you're here means Omniscient
Reader......."
"Where is Jiyoon now?"
He was his daughter's first acquaintance he met since crossing over to this world. Dansoo ahjussi
was almost out of breath.

"I'm sorry....... I haven't met Jiyoon since I came here either."
"Ah......."
"But Jiyoon must be here somewhere too. I was dragged to the theater by her."
At the mention of the theater, Kyung Sein asked.
"Did you happen to be at 'Kim Dokja's Banquet' as well?"
"Yes. Were you too?"
"I was there too......."
As expected, most of the readers in the theater were transmigrated into this world.
Even Dansoo ahjussi chimed in.
"I was in the hospital when I was suddenly brought in......."
He was possessed even though he was outside the theater. Then maybe it wasn't just the people
in the theater who came.
Ye Hyunwoo sighed and added.
"If I had known this would happen, I wouldn't have gone. I was in a really good mood until I got
the quiz right. I was looking forward to the gift since I got the difficult quiz right......."
"What did you get right?"
"Well, the meaning of 1,863......."
"Oh, so that was the 7th Apostle."
I also vaguely remembered.
The person who, in a confident voice, correlated Yoo Joonghyuk's regressions with the year the
first subway opened.
Maybe the girl sitting next to him was the one who asked if Kim Dokja was resurrected.
Then, was the girl who asked about Kim Dokja Jiyoon?
Ye Hyunwoo sighed as if it was a habit already and glanced in the direction of Yoo Joonghyuk,
who was still pacing the railroad tracks.
"I haven't seen Jiyoon since we got separated at that time. Of course I thought she'd be by Yoo
Joonghyuk's side by now...... She doesn't seem to be possessing Jihye."

Dansoo ahjussi's expression darkened sharply at the offhand remark.
"Still, if it's Jiyoon, she's alive somewhere, so don't worry too much. There's no way such a tough
girl could be dead, and she's read the Book of Revelation more than I have."
I paused when I heard that.
Jiyoon had read it more than 50 times?
As if to change the subject, Ye Hyunwoo smiled slightly.
"By the way, it's amazing that you've made it this far already. I've read it 50 times, but I was
lucky enough to start near Chungmuro, but you guys......."
"We started at Geumho Station."
"Wow, at 'Geumho Station'? Well, since you're 'Cheon Inho'...... So you met Jung Heewon there
too, right?"
"Yes."
Jung Heewon was talking to Lee Jihye a dozen steps away. Apparently, Lee Jihye took the
initiative to ask her questions.
"It's really unusual. Jung Heewon becoming a colleague with Cheon Inho... Is this development
okay?"
When he asked me that, I was speechless.
I thought it was a novelty in terms of development.
"Anyway, I'm relieved to see other members of the Apostles. It was really hard to deal with
Killer King when he came with a bunch of kids from the Misreading Association."
The moment I heard those words, I remembered the dead bodies of the outer species at the front
of the tunnel. Apparently, it was the work of Ye Hyunwoo and Gong Pildu.
"Did the Misreading Association attack here as well?"
"You've already met them, right?"
"Thanks to Killer King."
"Eh, that asshole...... Anyway, they came here as well. It seems like they prepared a lot for this
early rush. Of course, I think they definitely underestimated the third stage of my Invincible
Castellan tech tree."
Ye Hyunwoo seemed to have a special attachment to Gong Pildu and talked to us about his Plan
to Raise an Invisible Castellan at Home for a while.

I wonder how much he talked.
"I want to go home."
I felt like I had been pricked by a thorn in the middle of the heart.
I don't know how long it had been, but Ye Hyunwoo had tears in his eyes.
It belatedly dawned on me that Ye Hyunwoo was Jiyoon's age.
On the surface, everyone seemed excited to be in a novel, but there was no way anyone would
really want to be in an apocalypse like this.
Kyung Sein clenched her fists, and Dansoo ahjussi, who had stood up from his seat, reached over
the boy's shoulder as if to comfort him.
It was then that we heard a voice from behind him.
"Stop talking and come here, kid."
Ye Hyunwoo rushed over and sat down next to Gong Pildu. Ye Hyunwoo whimpered, and Gong
Pildu glared at me like I was going to kill me.
He's only in his mid-to-late teens. Such a child endured the first and second scenarios and
survived to this point.
I wanted to tell him anything. That he would make it home safely. That nothing would happen.
But who am I to say that?
Tsuchuchuchut.
Everyone's pockets vibrated with the same sound.
One by one, with a slight time difference, we pulled out our phones.
And then.
"Inho-ssi."
Kyung Sein's nervous voice.
She wasn't the only one. Dansoo ahjussi and even Ye Hyunwoo, who was next to Gong Pildu,
had similar faces.
The same message appeared on everyone's phone's screen.
—It's been a while. Dear readers.

RepresentativeKimDokja sent a message.
"This, right nowᅳ"
I quickly looked around.
It was to see if we were the only ones looking at our phones.
"Let's check it first."
I opened the message.
—Hello, dear readers. By now, you're either on the second scenario or, if you're fast, already on
the third.
You've all survived well. Of course, some of you haven't, but what can I do? You should've read
it harder.
The strange coolness in the way they speak.
Is this really a message from the 'RepresentativeKimDokja' I know?
—I'm sure you're all wondering. Why me? Did I do something wrong to be transmigrated into
this world? Was it because I read that damn novel? But I didn't even say anything bad about it.
Who the hell put me in this world and why?
Suddenly, I had an ominous premonition.
"Everyone! If you haven't seen the message yet—"
But I didn't finish my sentence.
—I'm sure you're frustrated. So, for those readers who have made it this far, I thought I'd give a
little presentation on why you were brought to this world, and.
Tsuchuchuchut— I saw Kyung Sein, Dansoo ahjussi, and Ye Hyunwoo collapse one after
another like dolls with broken threads.
—What you must accomplish to return to your original world.
My vision went black as well.
—See you soon then.

*

A dark tunnel.
The woman in the white coat, who had been watching Chungmuro Station with a lollipop in her
mouth, jumped up from her seat.
"Hey, remember all the guys whose phones just rang."
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' asks what's wrong with them.]
"They're all possessed. Also."
The woman added, checking the faces of Cheon Inho and his party who fell down one by one.
"Track the coordinates of the newly created subspace. Find out where their souls have been
called. Quickly."

*

When I opened my eyes, I was lying in a large lobby. As I got up, I realized that my eye level
felt strangely familiar.
Slowly, my eyes adjusted and took in the scene around me.
The unlit ticket office and unmanned ticket machine.
It was Chungmuro's theater.
As I approached the ticket machine, I saw a face on the black screen.
My face was in it. Not Cheon Inho's face, but Lee Hakhyun's face.
I laughed out loud, and a sense of sadness crossed my mind. A deep sense of relief washed over
me, along with an unexplainable sense of regret.
Maybe it was all a dream.
There's no such thing as transmigrating into a novel, after all. There's no way something like a
web novel could suddenly happen to me.
It was then that the ceiling lit up.
A dazzling pillar of light descended from the surroundings, and people began to be summoned
one by one.
"Uaaaah!"

"What!"
Some people screamed, while others looked around with calm faces.
They appeared in an instant.
I realized who they were.
「Readers.」
The readers who had been transmigrated into the novel with me. It wasn't until I saw them that I
realized.
We had all been called here, just as we were in the real world.
I quickly counted the people. A number that seemed more than a hundred, even at a rough count.
Apparently, there were more possessed people from other places besides those in the theater.
I had counted about a hundred and twenty of them when I spotted a head that stood out from the
crowd.
I didn't recognize anyone else, but I recognized them.
"Sein-ssi."
"Eh? Who?"
The surprised man turned his head toward me, and I saw his name tag.
[JudgeHeewon].
The man seemed to recognize my name tag as well.
"I-Inho-ssi? You must be Inho-ssi!"
"That's right."
"Uaaah! Inho-ssi!"
Kyung Sein swooped down and gave me a big hug.
I quickly pulled away from him and asked.
"Did you see the others?"
"Well, I don't know the others' real faces."
Well, that's true, too.

As if they had realized what was happening, the sounds of people searching echoed around the
room.
"Mijin-ah! Seo Mijin!"
"JihyesLove-nim! Is JihyesLove-nim here?"
"NamwoonsMom-nim!"
Come to think of it, there was someone I needed to find too. Maybe this was my only chance.
"Sein-ssi. I have to go somewhere for a while too."
"What? Inho-ssi! Wait!"
I pushed my way through the crowd, checking people's faces one by one.
"Ji Eunyoo-ssi! Is Ji Eunyoo-ssi here?"
Ji Eunyoo, my assignment editor.
The one who brought me to this theater. She must have transmigrated here too, because she read
Omniscient Reader and answered the quiz correctly.
"Ji Eunyoo-ssi!"
But there was no sign of Ji Eunyoo.
Has she not been summoned yet?
Or........
I bit my lip hard. It wasn't anyone else, it was 'Ji Eunyoo'. The one who had probably read my
novel more than me.
There's no way Ji Eunyoo didn't survive.
It was then that I heard a familiar name.
"Jiyoon-ah...... Jiyoon-ah!"
A neatly dressed middle-aged man was crouched on the ground, calling for someone desperately.
"Ahjussi."
As I approached, the middle-aged man looked up at me. It wasn't a face I remembered, but the
moment I saw those eyes, I was sure.
"Inho...... Mate?"

It was the unmistakable Dansoo ahjussi.
"Yes."
The real-life Dansoo ahjussi was just as handsome as the novel version.
The only difference was that this man looked so pale that it wouldn't be strange if he collapsed
immediately, and his body was built like a dry tree.
"I'm sorry, mate, Jiyoon. Jiyoon, please......."
Dansoo ahjussi fainted on the spot leaving those words. His head was burning with fever. I
hastily carried him on my back. His body was as light as a child's.
I looked around nervously.
Should I take him to the hospital?
But there was no way I could get there.
The theater's exits and elevators were blocked by translucent walls.
This wasn't the 'theater' we knew, but a subspace someone temporarily created.
There was no way to escape.
There was only one thing I could do now.
"Jiyoon-ah! No Jiyoon!"
I started shouting at the top of my lungs to the surrounding area. Kyung Sein, who hurriedly
catched up, realized what was going on and shouted Jiyoon's name together with me.
"Jiyoon-ah, where are you!"
Time and time again, I saw children who looked like Jiyoon's age, but I couldn't find Jiyoon.
Soon, all the pillars of light disappeared.
The summoning was finally over.
The next moment, I stopped dead in my tracks, feeling a strange sense of heavy pressure. It was
hard to breathe, and my head felt dizzy.
「Something is looking at us.」
I lifted my head with difficulty, as if defying gravity.
Since when.

Someone was floating in the ceiling of the theater.
【Let's see. You're all here at last.】
Wearing a white coat that resembled Kim Dokja's and his trademark sunglasses, he was talking
to us.
【Welcome to 'Kim Dokja's Banquet'. Everyone.】
RepresentativeKimDokja.
The one who summoned us to this world.

Author's Note
The usual process of writing the author's note.
Shin: How about ㅇㅇㅇㅇㅇㅇ(brainstorming too much)?
Shong: No.
Shin: Then thank you for today.

Episode 8. Representative Kim Dokja (3)
< Episode 8. Representative Kim Dokja (3) >

At the sound of RepresentativeKimDokja's words, the chatter of readers calling each other's
names and nicknames quickly died down.
As a heavy silence settled over the room, I could see the reader's appearances clearly.
They ranged in age from teenagers to people in their 60s.
Some looked like friends and siblings, others wore aprons as if they were cooking. Some were
dressed in neat suits, while others were in their pajamas, shyly hiding by a pillar.
Apparently, this was a place where everyone would show themselves as they were 'just before
they were transmigrated'.
No matter what kind of person the readers were, their demeanor was the same here.
A deep silence, not even the sound of breathing could be heard.
Eventually, RepresentativeKimDokja spoke again.
【I'm sure you all have a lot of questions, but you are not saying anything.】
Everyone who had survived so far were veterans.
Old-timers who had survived the hell of the first and second scenarios.
【Certainly, the first person to step forward at times like this is bound to get their head cracked
off. You all know the clichés very well.】
As if he understood, RepresentativeKimDokja's lips curled into a smile.
【But you can rest assured this time. I'm not here to harm you. The Banquet is short, so ask any
questions you want.】
The readers looked at each other.
Even if RepresentativeKimDokja said that, it wasn't easy to believe him.
After all, he had the power to summon all the readers here.

He could probably kill everyone here with a snap of his fingers.
「That is, of course, if my guy can handle the 'probability'.」
At the original's beginning of the scenarios, it was impossible for a high-grade constellation to
descend in their true form or summon such a large number of incarnations.
That's why I was able to raise my hand.
Tsuchuchuchut.
A spark has been flowing faintly through his body since earlier.
There was no way that a man who was already overdoing it would carry out a showmanship of
killing an incarnation like a dokkaebi.
But there was a reader who raised his hand faster than I did.
RepresentativeKimDokja pointed to him and said.
【Oh, go ahead.】
He looked to be in his mid-to-late teens, and he was quite a memorable reader, with his unique
serious eyes.
"Who are you, and where am I?"
【Curiosity about people and places. Good, that's how stories start. Who is the main character and
where is this place?】
Inhaling lightly, RepresentativeKimDokja looked back at the other readers and said.
【But who I am and where this place is doesn't matter, because I'm not the main character in this
story. I'm just—】
"Are you Kim Dokja?"
Several readers gasped at the boy's question.
That's probably the biggest question on most people's minds here.
Is this 'RepresentativeKimDokja' the 'Kim Dokja' we know?
RepresentativeKimDokja raised his eyebrows slightly.
【You can think what you want about me. I may or may not be Kim Dokja. But more importantly
—】
"Come to think of it, I don't think you're Kim Dokja."

The boy's voice was subtly hostile.
RepresentativeKimDokja paused.
【What made you think that?】
"There is no way Kim Dokja would bring us to a dangerous place."
The boy's voice was calm and rational.
Next to him stood a girl who seemed to be his family, but her eyes were unusually closed.
It didn't seem to be because she had narrow eyes like Cheon Inho, but because of other
circumstances.
After staring at the two, RepresentativeKimDokja smiled.
【Are you two siblings?】
"That's none of your business—"
【That's sweet. The Kim Dokja you know would never summon your blind sister to this world.
Did you come up with such a naive idea?】
As the boy clenched his fists and frowned, the girl tightened her grip on his sleeve as if to
restrain his movements.
RepresentativeKimDokja laughed in satisfaction.
【Kim Dokja is not a character who sympathizes with anyone for just that reason; if he were, he
wouldn't have let the old woman die in the first scenario.】
I thought the line was somehow familiar, and then I remembered that I had written a similar
scene in Omniscient Reader.
【He led people to stab each other to death at Geumho Station.】
Maybe it was during the 'Duet Between Good and Evil'.
【In 'The Strongest Sacrifice' scenario, he sat on the sidelines and allowed tens of thousands of
Seoul citizens to die.】
Everything RepresentativeKimDokja said was true.
However, the readers didn't seem to be shaken by his words.
【Do you really believe that such a Kim Dokja wouldn't bring you in for his own purposes?】
"He wouldn't."

【Why?】
"Because—"
"Because I am a fragment of that 'Kim Dokja'."
It was a girl across from him who cut the boy off.
A girl about Jiyoon's age.
"I know because I'm a fragment of Kim Dokja. Kim Dokja wouldn't do this."
The conviction in her voice was so strong that even I was stunned.
The girl really believed in Kim Dokja.
Maybe she wasn't the only one.
"Are you really 'RepresentativeKimDokja'?"
Even an ahjussi who had been watching the conversation.
"I've messaged RepresentativeKimDokja before, but you don't sound like him."
The others, who had been timidly backing away, also chimed in.
"What are you trying to say? We know what kind of person Kim Dokja is better than you do."
"Why are you dressed as Kim Dokja in the first place? Just reveal your identity."
As he listened in silence, RepresentativeKimDokja took a deep breath. When I swallowed my
breath, it felt like all the oxygen around me suddenly disappeared.
When I turned around, I saw that not only me, but also the others had turned pale.
【That bastard Kim Dokja.】
As I felt my breath return, RepresentativeKimDokja spoke.
【Kim Dokja, Kim Dokja, Kim Dokja, you're really loud. Why the hell do you like him so
much?】
He sounded like he had a grudge against Kim Dokja.
【All he cares about is the life and death of <Kim Dokja's Company>. He's a heartless god who
doesn't care how many extras die in his dreams.】
I felt like someone was poking me in the head with a needle.

Part of me knew that. In a way, I knew it was possible to think like that.
【In your favorite story, was Kim Dokja really a good person?】
A giant screen floated up behind RepresentativeKimDokja. The screen showed a scene from the
scenario. Judging from the atmosphere, it wasn't the world line we were on a moment ago.
「"I wish to see the novel's epilogue."」
It was a story in a novel that I once wrote and the readers once read.
From the first scenario to the last. The long journey of the protagonist, Kim Dokja, and <Kim
Dokja's Company>.
「Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint」.
Kim Dokja's story, from Kim Dokja's point of view, for Kim Dokja.
RepresentativeKimDokja said.
【You've all thought about it at least once: In that world, what kind of life will those who are not
chosen by Kim Dokja live?
Beneath the feet of <Kim Dokja's Company>, who marched toward the end of the world,
nameless corpses piled up.
Their souls cried out.
They were in that world.
They were part of this story too.
But Kim Dokja didn't look back at them.
【I believe you know the truth about what it's like to be an extra in this world.】
The readers were speechless for a moment. Even those who had been defending Kim Dokja were
unable to say anything for once.
On the screen, a close-up of an incarnation dying alone in a scenario change. A lonely
incarnation dying without the gaze of any stars.
He looked at me and said.
「"Save me......."」
Maybe someone between us is possessing that incarnation now. Now that death wasn't just an
extra's story.

It was our story.
"What are you trying to say?"
It was I who spoke.
"Are you asking us to relieve some dead extra's resentment? That's why you dragged us into this
damn world?"
RepresentativeKimDokja grinned from ear to ear, and then a message popped up in front of me.
As if that was his answer.
[<Star Stream> agrees to register you a new sub scenario.]
[A new sub scenario has arrived!]

+

<Sub Scenario(???) — Christian Qualifications>
Category: Sub (Personal)
Difficulty: ???
Clear Conditions: You have been transmigrated into the world line through an 'Outer World
Covenant'. Work with the other transmigrated people to prevent its predestined destruction and
develop a new story.
Time Limit: —
Reward: Return to the original world line and additional rewards.
Failure: Death

+

To a certain extent, this was expected.
We are from another world, just like Kim Dokja when he went to the 1,863rd turn.
It was only natural that there would be a scenario to return to the original world line.

The problem was the content.
「Prevent its predestined destruction and develop a new story.」
Prevent the predestined destruction.
In other words, RepresentativeKimDokja summoned us because he wanted to change the ending
of this world line.
I could hear the boy who had first spoken to him earlier muttering.
"As expected, an 'Outer World Covenant'......."
I looked around and saw that some of the readers had already calmed down and started
calculating.
The hope that if they could somehow prevent the destruction of this world, they could return to
the original world.
As they gathered their thoughts, a few raised their hands and asked.
"Wait, you have to tell us where this world is. Is this Yoo Joonghyuk's '3rd turn'?"
"Is <Kim Dokja's Company> also here somewhere?"
"Where is Kim Dokja now? Is he with us?"
At that moment, everyone had a similar thought in their minds.
The surest way to prevent the end of the world.
Borrowing the power of those who had already 'stopped the destruction'.
But.
【Why do you want to know that?】
RepresentativeKimDokja didn't seem to like the question.
【Are you really planning to rely on <Kim Dokja's Company> here as well? Really, you still
haven't come to your senses.】
The readers who had been asking questions shivered at the cold voice.
RepresentativeKimDokja sighed softly and shook his head.
【Keep this in mind. You are the protagonists of this world, and this world exists only for you.】
He swept his gaze across the room with a strange glint in his eye, then added with a slight smile.

【Please, make a story worthy of being written on the 'Last Wall'. That way, this world will not be
forgotten in vain.】
Why is it? His last words sounded sincere.
【This is the end of this Banquet. See you next time.】
RepresentativeKimDokja's figure disappeared into thin air, and pillars of light began to appear
everywhere. One by one, the summoned people were returning.
The surprised readers called out each other's names.
After regaining our senses, Kyung Sein and I looked at each other.
We hadn't found Dansoo ahjussi's daughter yet.
We hurriedly called out Jiyoon's name and searched through the rest of the crowd. Then, I
bumped shoulders with someone. I turned around and saw the boy who confronted
RepresentativeKimDokja earlier.
The boy frowned and said.
"Hm? By any chance, you—"
The boy, along with the girl next to him, was engulfed in a pillar of light and disappeared.
In a matter of moments, the crowd had shrunk to less than half.
Now there were no readers who looked Jiyoon's age.
"Inho-ssi—"
A pillar of light rushed right next to me and then Kyung Sein's figure disappeared.
Almost simultaneously, the feeling of Dansoo ahjussi on my back disappeared.
A deep sense of emptiness washed over me.
I didn't find anyone after all.
It was then that a familiar backside caught my eye.
A small back, light brown bob hair that fell to her shoulders.
For a moment, my heart beat wildly.
「The person who made me a writer was there.」
The one who never gave up on me, even when everyone else in the editorial department did.

My editor.
"Ji Eunyoo-ssi!"
She was alive.
I knew she would be alive.
The moment Ji Eunyoo turned around, a pillar of light descended from thin air.
Ji Eunyoo's surprised eyes looked at me.
I felt my breath catch in my throat.
There was no time. We couldn't even afford to ask each other who the other was possessing. All
we could do was shout,
"Gwanghwamun!"
We could only agree on a meeting place.
Ji Eunyoo was the last one, there was no one left in the theater.
I was left alone.
Soon, I would be gone too.
I sighed lightly and waited for my turn.
One minute, two minutes.......
I kept waiting.
Three minutes, four minutes.......
Something was wrong.
No matter how much time passed, my body was not enveloped in a pillar of light.
What was going on?
I absentmindedly looked up at the ceiling, where the lights were flickering intermittently.
"Excuse me?"
I asked, but no one answered.
"Hey!"
I called out a little louder, but still no answer.

I hesitated for a moment, then made a decision.
I decided to explore the area a bit more.
After all, there's something that's been bothering me since earlier.
.......
As I listened, I heard a faint sound. I didn't hear it wrong.
There is someone else in this theater besides me.
The sound was coming from the entrance to the theater tucked away in one corner of the lobby.
[Entrance to Theater 1].
In front of the theater's door was a sign that said 'playing'.
I wonder what's playing.
A movie?
As I cautiously opened the theater door, a feeling of anticipation flashed through my mind.
「"Inho-ssi? Inho-ssi, wake up!"」
The familiar voice triggered a series of memories. Slowly, a chill ran down my spine.
I knew this place.
「"Why is Inho-ssi the only one who didn't wake up?"」
The view of Chungmuro Station reflected on the vast screen, and there were my companions
waking me up from my collapse.
And then.
The backs of countless 'kkoma Kim Dokjas' watching the scene.
It was the same movie theater I had seen in my dream.
The kkoma Kim Dokjas I met that day were not part of a dream.
The moment I took a stumbling step into the theater, a kkoma Kim Dokja looked back.
The name tag pinned to his left chest shook.
rlaehrwk37.
As soon as the kkoma Kim Dokja's eyes widened and he was about to say something to me,

something grabbed me by the back of the head and yanked me hard.
It was a cold grip that sent a chill down my spine.
【You shouldn't have seen that.】
The voice was icy cold.
When I turned my head, RepresentativeKimDokja was looking at me.

Author's Note
Thank you.

Episode 8. Representative Kim Dokja (4)
< Episode 8. Representative Kim Dokja (4) >

【Hm? You.】
RepresentativeKimDokja grabbed the back of my head and looked into my face for a long time.
There was a strange tension in the air.
Thinking about it, this wasn't my first encounter with 'RepresentativeKimDokja'. I had met him
once before at the Chungmuro Theater.
Back then, he had seen my face and even checked my name tag.
Was that all?
He gave me privileges to help me adjust to this world, and he read the entire Omniscient Reader
I had written and left comments and impressions.
I wondered.
Would 'RepresentativeKimDokja' recognize me?
【Hmm.】
Or he wouldn't recognize me as I expected.
【That's weird. How come you haven't gone back yet?】
RepresentativeKimDokja walked out of the theater, holding the back of my head like a cat
clinging to a fish from a fish tank.
So did Yoo Joonghyuk, and I don't know why the hell everyone who sees me wants to carry me
around.
By the way, he didn't recognize me after all.
I hesitated for a moment, then decided to implement the plan I'd been thinking about.
'Idea.'
As I said the name in my head, the bracelet on my wrist twitched.

I don't know exactly why, but unlike my other items, the 'Idea of Almost Anything' had been
summoned here with me.
Either way, it was a good thing for me right now.
"Wait, I don't like hanging like this."
I grabbed RepresentativeKimDokja's wrist, who gripped the back of my head while thinking. I
could feel the surface of the bracelet resonating against his hand.
['Idea' is making contact with an unknown item.]
Look at this.
I'm clearly touching his skin, but you call it an 'item'?
[Beginning target analysis.]
[Target analysis will take 5 minutes to complete.]
[Maintain contact until the end of the analysis.]
RepresentativeKimDokja was deep in thought and didn't notice the 'Idea'.
I spoke up again in a frustrated tone.
"I didn't go in there because I wanted to, I was just trying to find a way out of here."
【What did you see in there?】
"Little kids......."
[Someone has used 'Lie Detection'.]
'RepresentativeKimDokja' must be an 'outer god', and if you're an outer god, you're bound to
have [Lie Detection].
That's a good thing for me.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.4' is activated!]
"I saw some little kids watching a movie inside the theater. But it was dark, so I couldn't see
much."
[You have incited yourself.]
I immediately opened my mouth.
"What movie were the little kids watching?"

【What kind of movie was it?】
"I couldn't look closely because it was dark."
[Someone has confirmed that the statement is true.]
【Hmm.......】
RepresentativeKimDokja glared at me with suspicion, then slowly loosened his grip on the back
of my head.
But I did not let go of his wrist.
[Continuing the analysis of the target.]
"Wait, what are those kids, and why are there so many of them here?"
【Do you want to know?】
I couldn't see RepresentativeKimDokja's eyes because he was wearing sunglasses. However, I
could clearly feel the life that radiated from them.
"Well, I'm not too curious."
【Good, because a story where you know the ending is boring.】
RepresentativeKimDokja nodded in satisfaction.
【Now, if you'll let go of my wrist, I need to find out why you didn't make it back.】
That's a problem.
I'm not done analyzing you yet.
"I still have one more question."
【Is that a question you can only ask while grabbing my wrist?】
Behind his sunglasses, I could see the murderous intent once again.
But this time, I didn't back down.
"Who are you?"
【Hmm? Like I said, I—】
"You're not the 'RepresentativeKimDokja' I know, because I've met him before I came here."
In reality, I had only met him once, but I had known him for a very long time.

He messaged me every day for the duration of the series.
I found 'RepresentativeKimDokja' to be a very serious and story-loving person.
But what about the 'RepresentativeKimDokja' in front of me now?
【That's a great insight. Even though our appearances should be exactly the same.......】
Unexpectedly, RepresentativeKimDokja readily admitted the truth.
【You're right. The 'RepresentativeKimDokja' who brought you here is a different being. Is that
enough to answer your question?】
There were two RepresentativeKimDokjas.
Maybe more than two.
Is it a group?
If so, what does this group exist for?
[The analysis is more than 80% complete.]
【It's my turn to ask. You—】
"Why 'Kim Dokja'?"
【What?】
"If you needed to disguise yourself, you could have been Yoo Joonghyuk or someone else."
【No, this is just—】
"I thought you hated Kim Dokja?"
At my question, for the first time, RepresentativeKimDokja's complexion changed.
【Why do you think that?】
"Was it actually because you were envious of him? Is that why you took on Kim Dokja's
appearance and you're imitating him?"
RepresentativeKimDokja's face slowly hardened. It was as if a vague clue had been unraveled.
[The exclusive attribute is activated!]
For a brief moment, the clues left by RepresentativeKimDokja at the previous Banquet branched
out in my mind.

「Kim Dokja, Kim Dokja, Kim Dokja, you're really loud. Why the hell do you like him so
much?」
He harbored a grudge against Kim Dokja.
「What kind of life will those who are not chosen by Kim Dokja live?」
He sympathized with those who were not saved by Kim Dokja.
「Are you really planning to rely on <Kim Dokja's Company> here as well?」
He wanted to complete the end of the world without <Kim Dokja's Company>.
So my reasoning went like this.
"Did Kim Dokja...... ruin your story?"
He is a 'character' who could not fulfill the story he wanted because of Kim Dokja.
That's why the readers of 'Omniscient Reader' have been kidnapped into this world.
「To create the story he wants.」
Who could he be.
I had a few characters in my head, but no names I was sure of.
【You...... Who are you?】
A sudden momentum began to emanate from RepresentativeKimDokja's entire body.
For a moment, I felt sick.
I was digging too deep.
Tsuchuchuchuchuchut—
Intense sparks began to fly around me.
In my head, I weighed the magnitude of the sparks against my life.
How much probability would it take for him to kill me?
And how much more probability was he willing to sacrifice?
[The item analysis has been completed!]
[The item is 'Ever-changing (千變萬化)[1] Stealth Suit'.]
[The item is S-grade.]

[You must be hit at least 10 times by the user of the item to obtain the item's form.]
Just in time, the analysis of the 'Idea' has ended.
「Ever-changing Stealth Suit.」
An item of clothing that consumes a certain amount of magic to turn the user's appearance into
the desired one.
In other words, he's using the item's power to hide his true self.
'Idea.'
I immediately changed the form of the bracelet.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.4' is activated!]
'Turn into the Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick.'
I wielded the 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick' with all my might at
RepresentativeKimDokja in front of me.
The tip of his lip twisted, RepresentativeKimDokja lightly stretched out his arm and grabbed the
bamboo stick.
Of course, I didn't expect the attack to work. But it wasn't the strike I was aiming for in the first
place.
Soon, a bright light emanated from the end of the bamboo stick.
['Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick''s hidden property is activated!]
As a damaged star relic, it was unable to produce its original power, but it had no problem
triggering the hidden property.
[The stigma 'Skeleton in the Closet' has been triggered!]
If he's wearing the 'Ever-changing Stealth Suit', he'll have no choice but to reveal his true self in
front of this stigma.
Patsuchuchut.
['Skeleton in the Closet' is affected by your status.]
[Your status does not allow you to determine the target's identity.]
Damn it, that was too much for my level.
But for the briefest of moments, I saw part of his cheek crack.

Beyond the crack, an unspoken tension pulsed. A flow of stories so dangerous as to be mindnumbing. An ominous sensation lurking beyond.
Demon Force?
The moment I thought that, his fist stuck in my stomach.
【You must think I can't kill you.】
The feeling of my stomach being ripped open and pierced.
Even though I was a soul, my breath caught in my throat.
【In fact, you're right. I can't kill you directly. There are restrictions on that.】
My left and right arms snapped in different directions, and a painful sensation came over me as if
my legs had been amputated.
As soon as I inhaled, something hit my stomach again.
For a moment, my consciousness slipped away and came back.
【But I can give you a pain worse than death.】
He held both my arms together and pushed me back against the wall, then put his magically
formed thorns into my wrists and ankles one after another.
Pow. Pow. Pow. Pow. Pow.
In an instant, five or six thorns pierced my limbs.
I activated my skill just before the pain began to spread.
[The level of the exclusive skill 'Incite' has increased!]
「I am Kim Dokja who has the [Fourth Wall].」
【Certainly...... You're not like other readers. I can't believe you can endure this pain.】
He lightly lifted my chin with his long fingers, and then said with interest.
【Come to think of it, I did hear about a special guy from another Representative.......】
"If I'm a special guest, you should treat me specially."
I provoked him.
I had to provoke him further, push him over the edge.

"If you're only this good, you'd already lost to Kim Dokja."
The spark that had been running through his body earlier was getting stronger and stronger. Any
moment now, he wouldn't be able to withstand the aftermath of probability.
【I'm getting more and more curious about who you are.】
But RepresentativeKimDokja was smiling subtly at me.
It looked like he was as pleased as angry.
【Suddenly, I feel very nostalgic.】
RepresentativeKimDokja's head turned slowly to an odd angle.
【Right now, you look like someone I hate more than anyone and wanted to eat at the same time.】
Pow.
I felt something dig into my stomach, and the next moment, my stomach was clutched in his
grip.
A pain that even the level 5 [Incite] couldn't handle.
Tsuchuchuchuchut.
It was then that something began to ooze from the hole in my stomach.
Sentences, shimmering with golden light.
Stories.
RepresentativeKimDokja's eyes widened.
【This is...... No way? You.......】
The moment he reached out for the story that had fallen to the floor.
「⬛⬛⬛ ⬛⬛⬛ ⬛⬛」
The story began its storytelling.
The space around me ripped apart, and my ears rang like a storm was brewing here.
Then I heard a clear voice.
「I told you not to touch it」
RepresentativeKimDokja's expression hardened. His eyes widened and he looked me in the eyes.

Something was speaking through my mouth.
「The y are co ming」
With those words, the ceiling of the movie theater crumbled.
Within my blurry consciousness, I saw RepresentativeKimDokja look up.
Someone shouted, and something flew through the cracked ceiling.
A beautiful thread of light.
It caught me by surprise.
In my slowly fading consciousness, I heard the voice of the angry RepresentativeKimDokja.
It was probably,
「......Kim Dokja's Company!」
He seemed to say something like that.

Author's Note
Did we hear it wrong?

[1] 千變萬化: Literally 'thousand changes, ten thousand changes'.

Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (1)
< Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (1) >

Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said

It was around the time I was writing the episode 'Disaster of Floods'.
When Kim Dokja was beaten and his intestines were torn off by the 41st turn Shin Yooseung, Ji
Eunyoo said something like this.
「"Author-nim. Don't you think it's a bit unlikely that he's still in his right mind with a hole in his
stomach?"」
I don't know what I said then.
I think I said something like this.
In fantasy, you can have your limbs cut off and a hole in your stomach, but your mouth is still
alive.
And then I said.
「"Kim Dokja has the [Fourth Wall]."」
Even if you don't have the [Fourth Wall], the most important thing is mental strength.
At that time, I thought I could overcome anything with mental strength. I believed that if I
couldn't overcome something, it was because I didn't have enough mental strength.
If I could go back to that time, I would slap myself in the back of the head.
I'm sorry. Kim Dokja-ssi.
I was wrong.
It hurts a lot.
I begged and begged and begged Kim Dokja, in pain that felt like my body was going to break in
half. How many times did I beg until someone answered.

「...... ...... ......」
It was a very faint voice. I couldn't hear what was being said, but I could clearly see that they
were very compassionate and warm words.
The pain eased a little.
In my blurry vision, I could see a thread wrapped around my stomach. I brought my hand to the
warm threads.
Beyond the fluttering thread, brown hair fluttered like flower petals.
「...... ......」
I wanted to ask.
Who are you, where am I?
Why did you save me.
「...... ......」
My consciousness continued to drift, the words slipping away.
I felt someone hold my hand, and something inside me stirred and rose. Like it was [Incite], it
was like a weight had been lifted off me.
I wanted to say.
I can't do this alone.
I can't change the world, I can't protect people.
I wanted to say, please help me, protect the people.
Then the person on the other side of the thread spoke.
「I can't.」

*

"Inho-ssi! Inho-ssi!"
When I opened my eyes, Kyung Sein and Jung Heewon were in front of me.

"He's awake! Inho-ssi woke up too!"
Chungmuro.
It seemed that I had safely returned to the place where my body was.
I casually looked down at my stomach, which was safe and sound.
"What the hell is going on? Everyone suddenly collapsed, and Inho-ssi wouldn't wake up......."
Jung Heewon sighed heavily as she held my shoulder tightly.
No one had told Jung Heewon what we'd been through, judging by the way Kyung Sein was
avoiding my eyes. Perhaps it was a natural judgment.
"Inho-ssi. Are you okay? Did you hit your head somewhere?"
"No. I'm fine, thank you."
Jung Heewon put her hand on my forehead and stood up.
"Stay here for a while, I'll get you something to drink."
While Jung Heewon was gone, Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi quickly sat down next to me.
"Inho-ssi, you've been there all this time, right?"
"Yes...... But wait a minute."
I closed my eyes for a moment and organized what had happened in my head.
There were four main pieces of information I learned from the 'theater'.
One, in the theater, the 'kkoma Kim Dokjas' are watching us.
Two, 'RepresentativeKimDokja' has a grudge against Kim Dokja.
Three, 'RepresentativeKimDokja' is a 'character'.
Four, someone saved me from 'RepresentativeKimDokja'.
Each piece of information was shocking and hard to put into context.
All I know is that 'RepresentativeKimDokja' is up to something, and he's using us to plan
something.
And......
「...... Company!」

After hearing that last part, I lost consciousness, and I don't remember exactly what happened
after that.
I could barely remember that someone escorted me out of that space.
A few deductions flashed through my mind, then quickly disappeared.
「No way.」
When I opened my eyes, Kyung Sein chimed in as if she'd been waiting.
"Inho-ssi, he brought us here, right? RepresentativeKimDokja."
"Yes. It looks like it."
"I didn't see him like that, but I'm really disappointed. How many times did I read the
'Encyclopedia of Omniscient Reader' that he wrote—"
I was about to say that this RepresentativeKimDokja and that RepresentativeKimDokja must be
different people, but I shut my mouth.
It didn't matter at this point.
"But he said that if we somehow prevented the destruction, he would let us go home......."
Will 'RepresentativeKimDokja' keep his promise?
I don't know.
If I had to guess, I'd say that since he's an 'outer god', and we have an 'outer world covenant', his
promise is valid.
That is, if we somehow managed to prevent the scenario's destruction.
"I thought Inho-ssi was in trouble because you woke up late. Did anything happen?"
I kept the story short, leaving out the details. There were a lot of people around, and I didn't think
it was the right time.
"I don't know if it's a bug or what, but I was the only one there for a while, even after everyone
else disappeared."
"Inho mate, maybe."
At my words, Dansoo ahjussi squeezed my hand. I held his hand back lightly and shook my
head.
"I'm sorry, I didn't find Jiyoon."

"Oh."
Dansoo ahjussi's expression quickly darkened.
"It's not time to give up just yet. There were a lot of kids around Jiyoon's age that I didn't get to
talk to."
"Really?"
To tell the truth, there weren't that many people that were Jiyoon's age, but it wouldn't do any
good to tell him that now.
Kyung Sein also helped.
"That's right. Ahjussi. Plus this world is 'Omniscient Reader's. Even if the worst comes to the
worst, there's always a way out."
"You're right, Sein-ssi."
This world is Omniscient Reader's.
If someone dies here, it doesn't mean they're dead forever.
There are constellations in this world that rule the afterlife, and all dead souls go there.
But I wonder if my readers and I can go to the underworld.
Maybe, like the 41st turn Shin Yooseung, we will be lost in the world without going anywhere.
As I thought about it, I suddenly felt fear.
「Where did all the readers who have already died go?」
As I stared blankly at the stairwell leading upstairs, I saw the 7th Apostle Ye Hyunwoo
descending with some people.
"Inho-ssi, are you up?"
I bowed slightly as he rushed over to greet me.
After glancing around, Ye Hyunwoo whispered in a low voice.
"Inho-ssi, you were 'there' too, right?"
"Yes."
"It's a pity. If I knew your face, I would have greeted you."
Perhaps Ye Hyunwoo was also in the theater. Which one of them he was, I don't know. Some

readers would know.
"There will be another chance next time. What's going on?"
There was a bustle of people coming down from upstairs. Voices shouting with urgency. I could
see them busily moving materials around.
"Oh, that."
Judging by the hardened expression on Ye Hyunwoo's face, something must have happened
while I was asleep.
"Inho-ssi!"
Jung Heewon ran over with water from a distance, and her expression was grave.
I got up from my seat, wondering what was going on.
[All the 'green zones' in this region have been destroyed and the main scenario has collapsed.]
An unexpected message came through.
[The difficulty is automatically adjusted according to the remaining schedule of the scenario.]
This can't be happening.
This is starting now?
[The scenario content is updated!]

+

<Main Scenario #3 — Emergency Defense Battle>
Category: Main
Difficulty: BClear Conditions: All the 'green zones' in the region have been destroyed and the monsters that
were going to be created in the remaining days have suddenly run wild. Survive against the flood
of monsters for the remaining time.
Time Limit: 8 hours
Reward: 2,000 coins

Failure: —

+

I recalled the description of 'Emergency Defense Battle' in Omniscient Reader.
「Once the 'Green Zone' scenario is sped, the monsters supposed to be created during the
remaining time would emerge all at once.」
The timing was faster than when Kim Dokja fought the 'Emergency Defense Battle'.
In other words, we'd have to deal with a much larger number of monsters than he did in
Omniscient Reader.
A pensive Kyung Sein looked at me and muttered.
"I-Inho-ssi. What should we do?"
In the former Omniscient Reader, Kim Dokja and his group destroyed all the 'green zones', and
an 'emergency defense battle' was held.
But now, there is no Kim Dokja in Chungmuro.
So why did the scenario start?
[The 'green zones' were destroyed too quickly.]
[The difficulty of 'Emergency Defense Battle' will be adjusted.]
[People will be banned from entering the station from now on.]
['Emergency Defense Battle' will begin in five minutes!]
Fortunately, we were given time to prepare.
I quickly looked back at my companions and said.
"It's okay. Everybody calm down."
Even if the scenario was more difficult than the original, in the end, the point of 'Emergency
Defense Battle' was to fend off from a group of 9th grade underground species 'ground rats' and
8th grade underground species 'grolls'.
In that case, the situation was not bad.

Thanks to Ye Hyunwoo's performance, we had Gong Pildu's assistance, and most importantly,
we had.......
"We have the strongest card, don't we?"
Ye Hyunwoo asked with a smile.
"Do you happen to have a hidden hand?"
"I'm talking about Yoo Joonghyuk."
The 41st turn Yoo Joonghyuk.
If the monster who could beat a poisonous rhinoceros from the beginning teamed up with Gong
Pildu, 'Emergency Defense Battle' would be no problem.
Of course, whether or not Yoo Joonghyuk would help us is a separate story, but judging by the
atmosphere so far.......
"Kids, get up! Now is not the time to play around! Dammit. This is why I was......."
Gong Pildu's shout rang out.
The people who had gotten the artillery from somewhere began to quickly build up a fort in the
middle of the platform.
But...... Where did Yoo Joonghyuk go?
"Inho-ssi."
Ye Hyunwoo's expression was dark as he turned around.
"I didn't tell you earlier. Why I was fighting with Yoo Joonghyuk."
I didn't get to hear Ye Hyunwoo's story because we were suddenly summoned by
RepresentativeKimDokja.
"I didn't fight him because I wanted to. As a reader who finished the story, there's no way I
would choose to fight that monster."
"Then......."
"That bastard tried to destroy all of Chungmuro's 'green zones'."
I got a little goosebumps.
By the 41st turn, Yoo Joonghyuk should have known that 'Emergency Defense Battle' would
start when all of Chungmuro's 'green zones' were destroyed.

"Where is Yoo Joonghyuk?"
"He went upstairs. When we were asleep, he smashed all the remaining green zones."
Ye Hyunwoo said through gritted teeth.
At that moment, someone tapped me on the shoulder.
"Uh, ahjussi. You woke up?"
It was Lee Jihye.
"Master said to tell you. Hmmmm."
Clearing her throat, Lee Jihye put her hands on her hips and mimicked Yoo Joonghyuk.
"If you're really Cheon Inho, you can do this alone."
I didn't need to ask what she meant by that.
['Emergency Defense Battle' has begun!]
Lee Jihye added with a smile.
"Then I'll be watching over there."
With those words, Lee Jihye jumped up to the top of the stairwell.
Honestly, I wanted her to help, but I didn't have time to convince her right now.
Gong Pildu called out in a loud voice.
"Here we go. Gather round, everyone!"
It was a relief to have him on our side.
Standing next to me, Ye Hyunwoo said in a low voice.
"Don't worry too much. I've been working hard since the first day to prepare for something like
this. Although we're a little ahead of schedule......."
Ye Hyunwoo climbed onto the fort and stood tall like an experienced captain, instructing
everyone.
"Take your positions! We'll go as we practiced this morning!"
Apparently, they had already practiced the formation, so they didn't panic and prepared to take
cover behind the fort.

I was impressed again.
It was a different atmosphere from the one Geumho Station had when I left.
People moving in an orderly fashion, like a well-trained army.
I wondered what kept them so united.
"Who protects our land?"
"We protect it!"
I remembered in hindsight.
That's right. Chungmuro was like that.
A fortress of the 'Landlord Alliance', controlled by the landowner Gong Pildu.
It was Ye Hyunwoo who commanded the fortress now.
"According to my calculations, this is around the fourth stage of the Invincible Castellan
techtree, and with the synergy of the Invincible Siege Formation, we should be able to handle
Emergency Defense Battle. We're still at the third stage of the techtree, but at this rate, we'll be
there soonᅳ"
I don't understand why this guy is still only the 7th Apostle.
Killer King should immediately give up his 2nd place to Ye Hyunwoo.
"We'll help too."
Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi exchanged glances as they each grabbed their weapons.
"Inho-ssi."
And Jung Heewon, standing in front of me.
"Don't step up and recover, and stay well hidden behind me."
Kyung Sein stepped forward with her shield, and Dansoo ahjussi gathered the bugs with his
bamboo stick.
And as I watched Ye Hyunwoo adjusting his formation next to Gong Pildu, I suddenly
remembered RepresentativeKimDokja's words.
「"All he cares about is the life and death of <Kim Dokja's Company>."」
His words weren't entirely audible. In the end, the only thing Kim Dokja was able to save was
<Kim Dokja's Company>, and in fact, he couldn't even do that properly.

But his story was recorded and told. And there were readers who read the story.
People who remembered better than anyone else how they fought and what kind of life they
lived.
「And so, the story is not over yet.」
In the distance, the cries of ground rats could be heard, followed by an ominous vibration coming
from the tunnel side of the station.
Ye Hyunwoo shouted.
"Everyone, defend your land thoroughly! Gong Pildu ahjussi and I will take care of the rest!"
In the darkness, I could see the ground rats swarming like a flock of cockroaches.
After completing the inspection of [Private Property] and [Armed Zone], Ye Hyunwoo sent out
the signal.
"Fire!"
Emergency Defense Battle began.

*

From downstairs came the sound of the firing of mini-turrets.
The woman bit the candy in her mouth with a crackling sound.
She dusted herself off and stood up.
"It's started. We should get going."
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' asks if you're really not going to help.]
"Why help them? Our purpose is not to help them, have you forgotten already?"
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' nods hesitantly.]
"We don't have time to help them in the first place, you saw where that sunfish bastard went."
The woman in the white coat glared up at the stairs to the upper level.
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' says that sneaky bastard is a problem.]

The woman pulled out a new lemon-flavored candy and said, biting it.
"He's growing faster than I thought. If he gets stronger here, he could be hard to control."
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' is in deep thought.]
"Our only chance is now. If he goes 'there', he'll surely show an opening."
The woman looked back down the stairwell one last time.
Cheon Inho and the people from Chungmuro were fighting a bloody battle.
The woman stared at the scene for a moment, as if trying to hold it in her eyes, before turning
away and saying.
"This ends the 41st turn."

Author's Note
Thank you. Thank you.

Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (2)
< Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (2) >

['Gong Pildu's stigma 'Armed Zone Lv.5' begins!]
A full level 5 Armed Zone.
With Gong Pildu's cool artillery barrage, all the ground rats in front of him were silenced.
Dududududu!
The ground rats stepped on the corpses of their comrades and continued to push forward.
"We're being pushed! Watch out!"
Less than ten minutes later, the front row of the fort collapsed. As the ground rats squeezed in
through the gap, several panicked people screamed and broke ranks.
"No! Keep your place! Don't run!"
One man was bitten on the arm and dragged forward like a fish on a hook.
"Uaaaagh!"
He reached out belatedly, but was sucked into the mischief of ground rats. The screams didn't
last long.
Kyung Sein's shoulders shook slightly as he[1] stood in the front row.
"Inho-ssi."
She said, watching as someone else filled the dead man's place.
"Yes."
"To be honest, it didn't feel real until now."
There was blood spattered and screams everywhere.
People were still dying as we spoke. People who hadn't even been properly named.
"I couldn't believe it even when I saw people die after coming into the novel. In fact, I kept

thinking maybe I was dreaming, and by the time I woke up, I would open my eyes again in my
bed. That's what I thought."
Another person died, and another filled the void.
"But now I realize."
Kyung Sein said, shaking off a charging ground rat.
"I really don't want to die."
I thought I knew why he had suddenly changed his mind. Perhaps it was because things had
changed.
"I want to survive...... I want to survive and I want to go back home."
It was because he had such hope that he could return to the original world.
「Prevent its predestined destruction and develop a new story.」
"I'm going to break all the scenarios somehow and go home."
He stabbed a ground rat to death with a thorn after it crossed the line of fire.
Killing, killing, killing again.
I don't know how many he's already killed in that short time.
Catching his breath, Kyung Sein said.
"As soon as I get back, I'm going to turn on my computer. I'm going to write on the bulletin
board. I'm going to brag about it. In fact, I was transmigrated into Omniscient Reader."
"......That's what you're going to do as soon as you get back?"
"That's where I saw Jung Heewon, I saw Cheon Inho, I met Yoo Joonghyuk. No one will believe
me, but one day I'll definitely tell them."
While he was still trying to figure out what to say, the man in front of him died. He didn't
hesitate to fill the void.
"And I'll definitely read Omniscient Reader's extrastoo. The author-nim said he was going to
publish a series."
I smiled bitterly.
I might be the first one to turn on the computer when I get back.
"We're being pushed again! Molotov cocktails ready!"

As the second column of the fort began to gradually push back, Ye Hyunwoo gave the first
signal.
Several men in the rear fished out empty soju bottles from their pockets.
"Throw them!"
At Ye Hyunwoo's command, Molotov cocktails flew through the air. Gasoline sprayed from the
broken soju bottles and set the center of the platform ablaze.
Kieeee!
As the panicked ground rats scrambled around, Gong Pildu's shells rained down on them.
He had prepared Molotov cocktails in such a short time. Indeed, the 7th Apostle wasn't a joke.
"Don't be pushed back! It will take a long time to rebuild the [Armed Zone]!"
The core of this siege is Gong Pildu's [Armed Zone].
If the line collapsed further, [Armed Zone] would have to be dismantled, but the current power
was not enough to fill the firepower gap.
As the ground rats slowed their advance, albeit slightly, the man guarding the front fort looked
back and shouted.
"More Molotov cocktails! We'll push the line and burn them all to a crisp!"
Something burst through the man's stomach.
It was the horn of an 8th grade underground species, a groll.
"Keok, Keoheook! Kuaaaak!"
"P-pull it out! Quickly!"
"Elder Pildu! Help!"
"Everyone out of the way!"
Dududududu!
The groll, who had the man on its head, was shot and began to fly.
From the 8th grade species onwards, they were hardly knocked down by Gong Pildu's bullets.
A monster that needed at least four or five shots to fall.
There wasn't just one such monster. They were popping up all over the platform, racing toward

the fort like heavy tanks.
To make matters worse, Gong Pildu's artillery stopped firing.
"Shit, I have to reload! Everyone, hold on for time!"
The line was about to collapse.
"Sein-ssi."
It was finally our turn to move forward.
"Yes!"
As Kyung Sein, who had the OP skill [Average Correction] and went all in on physique, held his
fire with a cheer, Dansoo ahjussi sent a flurry of cockroaches over the groll's eyes.
Kuooo?
Jung Heewon's sword sliced through its back.
The groll's head snapped off.
As three or four grolls fell in quick succession, the reloaded bullets of Gong Pildu swept across
the platform.
Dududududu!
The monsters in front of them were swept away by the firepower of the [mini turrets]. The
people cheered.
"Those guys are pretty good, huh?"
"Everyone, protect Pildu hyung-nim!"
"We can do it. Hold on!"
The crisis had been averted for now, but the situation was far from optimistic.
Only thirty minutes had passed. Gong Pildu's face was already exhausted. He was running out of
energy.
In the Omniscient Reader, Kim Dokja gave him a large amount of Intermediate Magic Power
Recovery Potion to replenish his magic power, but now.......
[The constellation 'Defense Master' is making a worried face.]
A little more time passed, the number of ground rats getting back to their feet after being hit by
shells begins to increase.

I wonder if I should open the 'dokkaebi bag' now.
"Kid."
Gong Pildu wiped the sweat from his forehead and called out to Ye Hyunwoo. Without a word,
Ye Hyunwoo walked up behind Gong Pildu and stood with his hands clasped together, his small
body enveloped in a brilliant blue light.
I immediately recognized the skill.
[Magic Power Recharge].
Instead of restricting one's movement, it speeds up the magic power recovery.
Immediately, I could feel the magic power boiling up from Ye Hyunwoo.
Uuuung.
At first glance, that's a lot of magic power, well over level 30.
That's a lot of magic power for just the third scenario.
It was clear that he had put aside all his strength, agility, and physique and went all in on magic
power. It was a choice no one in their right mind would make.
"Here we go. Ahjussi."
The moment Ye Hyunwoo's small hand touched Gong Pildu's back, a faint string of magic
formed between him and Gong Pildu.
[Magic Power Sharing].
It was the same way that Yoo Joonghyuk transferred his magic power to Kim Dokja when he
fought the 'Disaster of Questions' Myung Ilsang in the original.
Soon, an abundance of magic power began to flow throughout Gong Pildu's Private Property.
The speed of the [mini turrets], which had been slowed down, returned.
Dududududu!
Ye Hyunwoo was now using himself as a 'magic power tank'.
"This is the fourth stage of the 'Armed Castellan at Home' Techtree."
After locking eyes with me, Ye Hyunwoo wiped the sweat from his brow and said in a confident
voice.
"This is the 'Infinite Uroboros'."

A combination of high-level magic power, [Magic Power Recharge], [Magic Power Sharing],
and [Armed Zone].
I was amazed at the precision of the mechanics, but I was also stunned that a human being could
actually do this.
I'm sure Kim Dokja would have been just as surprised if he were here.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is amazed.]
[The constellation 'Rice-Eating Tiger' is aghast!]
[The constellation 'Dragon Lying Down' nods in agreement.]
Lee Jihye, who was watching us from the back stairwell, whistled.
"Wow, that's awesome? I wish I had one like that."
As the firing rate of the [mini turrets] increased, the battle gained momentum.
Jung Heewon and Kyung Sein were enough to fight the occasional grolls, leaving the remaining
hands free to rebuild the collapsed fort.
The men working on the new molotov cocktails muttered.
"This is better than I thought?"
"Yeah, if it goes like this, it'll be a smooth-"
No, wait.
['Emergency Defense Battle' has entered a new phase.]
The message echoed in the air as if it had been waiting.
I wondered if the word 'smooth' should be filtered out from Omniscient Reader.
[A new monster species has appeared in 'Emergency Defense Battle'!]
A message that never appeared in the original. In the first place, the Emergency Defense Battle is
not a scenario that had different phases.
[A 7th grade monster species has appeared!]
A huge shadow flickered from the railroad tracks. The sound of a subway car scraping across the
ground. I could feel the ground shaking under my feet.
"What, what, what is that!"

It wasn't the subway that had emerged from the tunnel. It was a large monster, at least 15 meters
long.
'Giant Centipede'.
At the sight of the hundreds of legs beneath its five-colored carapace, the men lost their fighting
spirit and rushed toward Gong Pildu.
"Uaaaak! Crazy!"
"H-how are I supposed to catch that thing—"
It can be caught. Yoo Joonghyuk would be able to.
The only problem is, he's not here.
I glanced over and saw that Ye Hyunwoo's expression was also stony. It was natural to panic.
"Inho-ssi."
It must mean he was out of tricks.
I stepped forward.
"We'll take it from here."
"Do you have a plan?"
"We'll have to fight it head on and kill it, I guess."
"Like that? How?"
"I don't know...... By stabbing it?"
"I...... Inho-ssi. I don't know how many times you've read it, but that's not just a 7th grade
monster species, it's a 'king'. It's a monster that even the 4th stage of my Invincible Castellan
techtree can't handle. I'm telling you as someone who read it 50 times—"
I glanced to the side instead of answering. Jung Heewon, who had just decapitated a monster,
was approaching.
"Heewon-ssi."
Wiping the blood from her ground rat knife, Jung Heewon nodded.
"Hide well, I can't protect you this time."
She tapped me on the shoulder and walked away.

Ye Hyunwoo, who was looking at her blankly, smiled bitterly.
"Jung Heewon, I know, she's the best in Kimcom in terms of combat power, but even she can't
do it now—"
"Well, I also have a techtree that I've prepared."
"What?"
Actually, I didn't have anything.
But things don't always go well when you have something prepared.
It was the same when I was writing novels.
Sometimes the episodes I've written with ideas I had in the spur of the moment were way more
interesting than the ones I've planned a hundred days in advance.
"Let's see."
Jung Heewon was such an 'idea' for me.
[All of the constellations in the channel agree to the use of 'Hour of Judgment'.]
An 'idea' that came to me when I had given up on everything.
[The character Jung Heewon has used 'Hour of Judgment'!]
Scattering dazzling brilliance, Jung Heewon rushed towards the centipede.
Looking at Jung Heewon like that, I thought to myself.
If this whole scenario were to end and I could return to reality.
「Maybe I would be writing about this moment.」
That's when my phone rang.
[A new chapter of 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint' has been updated on the platform.]

Author's Note
The usual process of writing the author's note 2
Sing: What about ㅇㅇㅇㅇㅇㅇ(something cool)?
Shong: Ugh

Sing: Thank you.

[1] Well, Singshong used "he" again so I'll use he/him pronouns when Hakhyun is talking about
Kyung Sein in his mind or when they are with people that know about Kyung Sein of their
original world.

Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (3)
< Episode 9. Words That Can'tBe Said (3) >

The timing was perfect.
[Enter the platform now to check the new chapter of 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'.]
By the way, I think this is the first time I've gotten an update message.
I was tempted to open my phone, but I couldn't afford to right now.
There was a bloody battle between humans and monsters going on a dozen meters away.
"No. What is that—"
Ye Hyunwoo's eyes widened at the sight of Jung Heewon's battle.
"Come to think of it, wasn't Cheon Inho originally killed by Jung Heewon? That's when she
became the 'Judge of Destruction'."
"That's right."
"Then how did Jung Heewon awaken now?"
"It's a long story, so let's just watch for now."
Covered in crimson blood, Jung Heewon had already cut off more than a third of the centipede's
legs.
'Demon Slaying Judge.'
The Judge's trait of causing an explosive increase in combat power against monsters resonated
with Jung Heewon's Kendo.
Sugagagagak.
With each swing of Jung Heewon's sword, half-dozen centipede legs were sliced off at once.
A precise and swift swordplay, dodging out of the centipede's line of sight, cutting only its feet.
Kyung Sein waved his shield and shouted.

"Uaaah! Heewon's the best!"
Lee Jihye, who had been lying idle in the stairwell, was also watching the battle with fascination.
"Wow, she's killing it......."
The majesty of single-handedly defeating a 7th grade monster species, a King at that.
It was a battle that only Yoo Joonghyuk was capable of, and now Jung Heewon was showing it
in front of our eyes.
She was so focused on the battle that her inner voice echoed vividly in my ears.
「I will never lose.」
What was in front of her now was a monster.
But in a sense, it wasn't the monster she was fighting.
「Next time, surely.」
She was alone, fighting an imaginary enemy, a man who was better with a sword than anyone
she knew.
Imagining his sword, she swung, and swung, and swung again.
「I have to be faster.」
Jung Heewon knew.
Yoo Joonghyuk's sword was the essence (精髓) of martial arts, forged by the time and effort of
countless masters.
She couldn't follow its trajectory now.
However, she could see where it was headed.
A sword forged to shatter the heavens of this world and make the stars fall.
Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship (破天劍道).
[The character 'Jung Heewon's skill proficiency is rising rapidly!]
Her sword was blossoming from the bitter defeat. A bluish aura was now permeating her ground
rat knife.
Dedicated Sword Force (罡氣功).
It was unmistakable. Though it was still faint, it was the Dedicated Sword Force used by the

masters of Murim.
[The constellation 'Maritime War God' is surprised by the talent of the incarnation 'Jung
Heewon'.]
[The constellation 'Goryeo's First Sword' has entered the channel.]
[The constellation 'Goryeo's First Sword' is looking at the incarnation 'Jung Heewon' with
interest.]
A technique that she learned on her own, without being taught by anyone, without even learning
a superlative skill.
Come to think of it, Jung Heewon was also extraordinarily talented in the original.
Could she reach the level of Yoo Joonghyuk in this turn?
[Your 'Free Comments Daily Pass' will disappear soon!]
Earlier, they promoted the new chapter, and now they're threatening me to take it away.
[You currently have a total of 6 'Free Comments Daily Pass'.]
[Free Comments Daily Passes accumulate up to a maximum of 2, and will expire if not used
within today.]
My head spun. I looked at my watch and it was almost midnight. The pass cost a whopping
3,000 coins.
Just in time, Ye Hyunwoo signaled.
"Everyone in the front, except for Jung Heewon, please step back for a moment! Let's work on
the line with concentrated fire from now on!"
With Jung Heewon and the giant centipede fighting it out, all the ground rats and grolls'
formation in the area collapsed.
Ye Hyunwoo didn't miss the opportunity and ordered the fire.
Dududududu!
There was a brief pause in the back-and-forth battle.
It would be fine to check the comments for a while.
I joined the crowd and slipped into the rear, then quickly opened my phone and turned on the
platform app.

+

Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (3)+[24]
Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (2)+[21].
Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (1)+[32].
......

+

That's a lot of chapters in a short time. At first glance, there are over 40 chapters.
What did I do to get this far already? I haven't even finished 'Emergency Defense Battle' yet.
Come to think of it, I still haven't figured out who wrote this.
"The people on the back, please check your equipment! We'll be back in action in five minutes!"
I was running out of time, so I decided to check out the recent comments.
Maybe they'd have some useful information.
[1 free daily pass will be deducted.]
[One random comment from the episode will be released, regardless of order.]

+

—Oh

+

.......

Even if it's from a free pass, I get pissed off every time this happens.
Luckily, I still had five free passes left.
[1 free daily pass will be deducted.]

+

—Uh

+

I think it should be illegal in Korea to leave a one syllable comment.
[1 free daily pass will be deducted.]

+

—Yoo

+

Yoo?
I redeemed a pass once again.

+

—Joong

+

If the next comment I see is 'Hyuk', I might actually want to die.
I was about to nervously redeem my fifth free pass.
[A new feature has been updated!]
A notification popped up.
[You can spend an additional 1,000 coins to see the comments that have received the most
'upvotes'.]
1,000 coins.
That's a bit expensive, but.......
At least if a comment is highly recommended, it's more likely to contain nutritious information,
right?
[1 free daily pass will be deducted.]
[You have spent an additional 1,000 coins.]
[Checking the comment that received the most 'upvotes'.]
A comment immediately popped up.

+

—Yoo Joonghyuk is stuck on the sunfish route again
Upvotes 236 / Downvotes 5

+

Sunfish is the nickname of Yoo Joonghyuk, who often dies and regresses.

My head was spinning.
Did it mean that Yoo Joonghyuk was going to die?
But it couldn't be.
The Yoo Joonghyuk I saw in the 41st turn was more like a 'scumbag' than a 'sunfish'.
In the distance, I could see Jung Heewon, who had cut off all the legs of the giant centipede,
delivering the final blow.
"Get ready to go in one minute!"
The five minutes were already coming to an end.
I hesitated for a moment and used up the last pass.
[You've used up all the free daily passes.]
[You have spent an additional 1,000 coins.]
[Checking the comment that received the most 'upvotes'.]

+

—Yoo Joonghyuk is not the problem, Cheon Inho is about to catch up
Upvotes 189 / Downvotes 3

+

I looked around with anxiety for a moment.
Gong Pildu was firing shells steadily, and the line of ground rats had been completely pushed
outward.
After finishing off the giant centipede, I could see Jung Heewon running towards me, stomping
on a ground rat's head.
There was nothing weird.

Time hadn't stopped, and the world hadn't turned colorless, so—!
———!
The floor of the platform exploded in front of me, sending me flying through the air as debris
scrawled and scattered.
With my ears ringing, I spit out dust and stood up. My vision hadn't recovered yet, so I couldn't
tell what happened.
A man who had been catching the ground rats a few moments earlier was being torn apart by
them, his body separated from the waist down.
Horrified people crawled on their asses.
The fort collapsed with a single explosion.
The ground rats had broken through the turret line and were tearing the incarnations apart.
"Help me! Help me!"
Gong Pildu's shattered turrets could be seen in the dust, his proud [Private Property] and [Armed
Zone] both destroyed.
Ye Hyunwoo was shaking the bleeding Gong Pildu.
"Ahjussi! Ahjussi!"
What the hell happened.
Surely everything was going well. There wasn't even a warning from '⬜⬜'.
What the hell.
Kkukukukuku.
A monster species emerged from the settled dust.
['Emergency Defense Battle' has entered a new phase.]
[An additional 7th grade monster species has appeared!]
Giant Centipede.
It was even bigger than the one Jung Heewon had caught. Jung Heewon stretched out her hand
and called out.
"Inho-ssi!"

There was another explosion from the ground.
[An additional 7th grade monster species has appeared!]
The tail of the beast protruding from the ground collided directly with Jung Heewon.
I barely caught the body of Jung Heewon that was sent flying.
"Heewon-ssi."
Jung Heewon let out a painful breath. It seemed that she had received a heavy blow to her back
when as [Hour of Judgement] was released.
A middle-aged man crawling on the ground next to me shouted.
"E-everyone, run!"
The middle-aged man stepped on my phone, which had fallen to the ground. Above the cracked
screen, the platform screen I was looking at floated.

+

Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (3)+[34]

+

The comments grew in real time.
All I could see was the comments of my readers.
I don't know how the chapters are actually written.
「"You've all thought about it at least once: In that world, what kind of life will those who are not
chosen by Kim Dokja live?"」
In the 5,000 characters of text, I wonder if our story is being written properly.
How many people died in this 'Emergency Defense Battle' that Kim Dokja couldn't see until the
end. How many suffered.
What stories were told.

Will the reader of this chapter know that now?
「"I believe you know the truth about what it's like to be an 'extra' in this world."」
Probably not.
Because their deaths are not stories people want to read.
[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' yawns and says he's getting a little bored.]
[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' wants a novel scenario solution.]
Because a generic extra's death doesn't attract any of the stars' attention.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is watching your choice.]
As I stood up with Jung Heewon in my arms, a ground rat pounced through the dust.
"What are you doing? Are you out of your mind?"
With a snap, it was sliced in half.
Lee Jihye was in front of me.
"Master told me to keep you alive."
She spat out the gum she'd been chewing, and didn't even look back at me as if she was bothered.
The giant centipede that had spotted us was coming this way.
"I can't catch that kind of thing either. I'll just buy time, so pull yourself together and go upstairs
now."
Lee Jihye is strong. This kind of adversity won't kill her.
The writer of this story knows it, and the reader knows it.
Perhaps Lee Jihye herself knows this.
「But what about Cheon Inho?」
I slowed my pace and stood beside Lee Jihye.
Lee Jihye's eyes widened as she killed the approaching ground rats.
"What?"
"Please take care of Heewon-ssi."
Lee Jihye, who received Jung Heewon without hesitation, looked at me in surprise.

I ignored her and started walking forward.
I stuck a thorn into the head of an approaching ground rat and kept walking.
"What the hell! Ahjussi! Do you really want to die?"
Die?
"I won't die."
If this really was a life-threatening situation, time would have stopped and the world would have
turned colorless.
And I would have a manuscript opening with all sorts of negative scene titles, like 'The Death of
the Villain', 'The Villain's Crisis', 'The Villain's End', and so on.
So this silence was a clear opening line for me.
「Cheon Inho won't die here.」
"Ah, stop! You're really going to die!"
The platform was littered with the bodies of dead ground rats and humans.
I blinked slowly, as if taking a photograph.
[Describe your own behavior.]
[You have spent 5 probability points.]
The reason I activate my skill now is not to survive.
[The exclusive skill '⬜⬜' is activated.]
It was only because I had something I wanted to write.

Author's Note
There are many things I want to write, but they won't let me

Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (4)
< Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (4) >

[You have entered the 'Snowfield'.]
In the colorless world, all blood looked the same.
No red blood, no blue blood. Everything was gray.
I felt sad.
In this wide world.
[The exclusive skill '⬜⬜' resonates with your emotions.]
There's not a single piece of paper for extras.

+

# Words That Can't Be Said

「⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜
* At your current skill level, you can write a total of 260 additional characters.

+

[You can stay in the 'Snowfield' for a total of 3 minutes.]
I began to write. It wasn't a story I was writing for anyone.
There are stories like that. Stories that are neither artistic nor interesting, but you can't resist
writing them.

[You have described something that cannot be evaluated.]
[You cannot assess the reproduction success rate of this story.]
[You can't measure the probability you've been granted.]
[Checking the reader's feedback.]
[There is no reader's feedback.]
There was no feedback.
However.
[rlaehrwk37 recognizes your story.]
Someone has definitely read this story.
[rlaehrwk61 recognizes your story.]
[rlaehrwk99 recognizes your story.]
[rlaehrwk73 recognizes your story.]
.......
[You've earned probability from a certain number of referrals.]
[Successfully recreating the scene.]
[Leaving the 'Snowfield'.]
I blinked slowly, and the colors of the world returned.
In front of my eyes, a ground rat bit a breathless person.
「Lee Hakhyun knew. Why the extras were never talked about.」
I know better than anyone.
It's the writer, not anyone else, who excludes the extras from the story.
「Because their stories are already written.」
An unnamed ground rat bit an unnamed man to death.
As I stabbed the nameless ground rats again, I thought to myself.
「These pages, which no one can read, are their story.」

What had been a gray, snowy world was now covered in red and blue blood.
Stories that are not told because they are everywhere.
Death in the middle of unwritten lines.
「There are no sentences for extras.」
It was a matter of course.
The moment you write a sentence for an extra, they become a protagonist.
When one person becomes the protagonist, the rest become extras.
"Help—"
"KKuaaak!"
I barely saved one person, and another died.
I never learned the names of the dead. Even though I was right next to them, I couldn't see how
they died.
Dead people with their eyes open as if in mourning.
Damn it, even in this scene, I was a writer. An insensitive recorder, trying to write a sentence on
the blank space created by their deaths.
「Nevertheless, someone has to make footprints in this snowfield.」
A ground rat nibbled at my thigh.
「Someone has to be the protagonist, after all.」
I swatted it away, and a second one bit my arm.
「That's what this snowfield is for.」
I slammed my arm down on its head. But when I killed one, two came, and when I shook them
off, three came.
"N-no—"
"Inho-ssi! Stop! Inho-ssi!"
Looking back at the stairwell, I saw the faces of Kyung Sein, Dansoo ahjussi, and Ye Hyunwoo
one after another.
Gong Pildu and Jung Heewon hadn't regained consciousness yet.

Lee Jihye was busy fending off the monsters coming up the stairwell.
"Ahjussi, what are you doing! Hurry up and come this way!"
There were still quite a few people who hadn't made it to the stairwell. The fort formations had
all collapsed, and the people were cornered.
At this rate, Chungmuro Station would be wiped out.
I made a decision.
I don't know if this will work.
"Idea."
Still, I had to try.
"Let's go."
'Idea of Almost Anything' gurgled into the bracelet.
I commanded it.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.5' is activated.]
"Turn into the Ever-changing Stealth Suit."
Ever-changing Stealth Suit.
The disguise item 'RepresentativeKimDokja' was wearing.
At the time, I had fulfilled the requirement of 'being hit 10 times' to obtain the appearance of
'Ever-changing Stealth Suit' which allowed me to place this item in the 'mimicry list'.
[Putting on the 'Ever-changing Stealth Suit'!]
'Transform into a ground rat.'
A moment later, with a blinding flash of light, my appearance changed to that of a ground rat.
The ground rats that had been pouncing on me stopped in their tracks.
They sniffed and hovered around me.
Some of them bared their fangs at me, showing their intense hostility.
I suppose it's natural for them to be suspicious, since they saw me as a human just a moment ago.
I used [Incite] on them.

"I am a ground rat."
A few ground rats came up to me and sniffed, then one by one they scurried past me.
Luckily, the plan worked.
I ran backwards through the procession of ground rats and quickly made my way to the center of
the platform.
I could see two giant centipedes roaring at the ceiling.
Now a bit.
Everywhere I looked, the ground rats left out wild cries.
And then.
「...... ......」
I heard a strange voice.
I turned around, wondering where it was coming from.
[Your exclusive attribute is activated].
[You understand the language settings.]
[You are interpreting the language of the ground rats.]
「Go up」
The ground rat was speaking.
「Runrunrunrun」
「Stayclosetomommy」
「Justalittlebitjustalittlebit」
「Upupup」
A ground rat that was passing by me stopped to look at me.
「Notthatway」
It looked at me and added.
「Runthisway」
I asked it.

"Why?"
「BecausethatstheorderBecausethatstheorder」
The order. By who?
The ground rat shuddered, looked back toward the tunnel, and started running past me again.
I couldn't hear the answer, but I knew why it was running.
Humans are not the only participants in scenarios.
Everything in this world belongs to the 'scenario'. This was true even for the ground rats in front
of me.
「Mommy」
「Helphelphelp」
「Cantbreathecantbreathe」
I looked down at the floor. There was a pile of bullet-riddled ground rats corpses.
Dozens of times more than the dead humans.
「The extras, they don't even realize they're extras.」
A huge shadow was casted over me.
「You」
Since when? A giant centipede was bending over my head.
「Why did you come this way?」
I looked around without answering.
This was the center of the station.
People were almost at the top of the stairs. The important thing is to stall the time from now on
until Gong Pildu unleashes the [Armed Zone] again.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.5' is activated!]
"Look this way!"
In response to my [Incite], a bunch of ground rats turned to look at me.
「Whatwhatwhatwhat」

「Wherewherewherewhere」
It wasn't enough.
I shouted again.
"This way!"
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.5' is being used to the limit!]
[The level of the exclusive skill 'Incite' has increased!]
Poosyuk, Blood trickled from my nose with the sound.
This time, more of them looked back at me. Some of the ground rats that ran straight ahead,
others that jumped up to the stairwell and attacked people.
They were all looking in my direction.
「Whatwhat」
「Whowhowho」
「Whywhywhywhywhy」
I suddenly remembered the 'outer gods' from Omniscient Reader. They were extras who died as
'Nameless Ones' in the worldview of the 'Ways of Survival'.
I was not a Kim Dokja, so I did not have the power to save them.
Instead, I was forced to kill them all to end the scenario.
'Idea.'
I invoked it, and in my mind's eye, I could see the forms I had collected so far.
Magic Power Recovery Bracelet.
Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick.
Ever-changing Stealth Suit.
Magic Power Stove.
And.......
I didn't want to use this items until the end. Because, in return, the platform would be a dead
zone for a while.

But now I had no other choice.
"Turn into a 'Poison Bomb'."
Poison Bomb. It was an item they left behind when we fought the Misreading Association.
A biochemical weapon made from the anal sac of a poisonous rhinoceros.
I picked up one of the used bombs at the time and put it on the possible mimicry list.
[The consumed item is restored by the effect of 'Idea of Almost Anything'.]
[The rare occasion of shape evolution has occurred!]
[The form of the item has evolved to a higher level!]
['Idea of Almost Anything' has turned into 'High-Level Poison Bomb'.]
A moment later, a faintly glowing bomb appeared in front of me.
[This item is a consumable item.]
[When the item is used, you won't be able to use the form again.]
[The effect of the 'Ever-changing Stealth Suit' will be lifted.]
As I reverted to my normal form, the ground rats growled and showed their hostility.
But none of them pounced on me. Even the giant centipede kept a wary distance and glared at
my hand for a reason.
They know.
If I detonate this bomb now, every monster in the station will be wiped out.
「Ohnomommyimscared」
「Hidebehindmom」
I stared at them for a moment.
「Whatsgoingon」
「Humanhumanhuman」
「IdontwanttodieIdontwanttodie」
I slowly opened my mouth.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.5' is activated.]

"You don't have to die like this."
I looked back at the ground rats, the giant centipedes, and the grolls.
"Don't hurt any more people and go back. Then I won't kill you either."
[The constellation 'Nail-Eating Rat' admires your boldness.]
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' opens its mouth at your suggestion.]
[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' marvels at your integrity.]
I know the odds are slim.
But theoretically, the monsters and humans could resolve the scenario without harming each
other.
[There are 7 hours and 12 minutes remaining until the end of the Emergency Defense Battle.]
I continued.
"Emergency Defense Battle is a scenario with a time limit. It will end at some point, even if they
don't hurt each other."
I could feel the ground rats' agitation.
「A story where no one is the protagonist, maybe.」
The extras had died enough. Monsters and humans alike knew.
[The ground rats are confused by your 'Incite'.]
Monsters, too, are but incarnations. They also fear death.
They have families, they have friends.
They have lives.
Tsuchuchuchuchut!
It was then that sparks exploded in thin air.
[Some dokkaebis find your attempts to be a threat to the scenario.]
[Many constellations are eager to see the scenario unfold quickly!]
[The probability of the <Star Stream> is moving.]
[Your 'Incite' has been lifted.]

[Emergency Defensive Battle will resume.]
[A few constellations laugh at your reckless behavior.]
Looking at the message, I thought.
「After all, isn't this world one giant instigator?」
One of the ground rats looked at me and said.
「Thereisnosuchstory」
With those words, a mischief of ground rats pounced on me.
I replied.
"Yes."
There was a loud explosion. A blizzard of poisonous gas, accompanied by an unpleasant odor,
swept across the platform.
I heard the screams of the monsters. The giant centipedes and ground rats dying, their bodies
spewing black blood.
I could see the monsters from the tunnel falling to the ground as well. As I watched them die, I
thought to myself.
「If only the monsters hadn't died here, this story would have been interesting.」
[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' cheers for the mass murder.]
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' says that monsters are best when they're dead.]
[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' admires your idea.]
[The constellation 'Dragon Lying Down' appreciates your strategy.]
.......
I stumbled, barely able to catch my breath. I felt like I was going to collapse at any moment, but
it wasn't time yet.
I swallowed the Poisonous Rhinoceros' Horn Powder little by little and turned around to start
walking.
One step, two steps.
I walked and walked and walked through a landscape swallowed up by the dense fog, stabbing
each approaching ground rat thoroughly, one by one.

I swallowed the nausea that rose. A few times I stumbled over dead bodies, and then got back up.
I heard a small cry in my ear. It was a dying ground rat. I was about to strike it down with my
thorn.
Kking.
I realized that the ground rat was already dead. Instead, I found a tiny creature squirming in its
arms.
It was a ground rat pup.
I stared down at it in disbelief.
「After all, every story has a protagonist.」
As if it wanted to live, the pup struggled to breath and exhale with difficulty.
I could see the tip of its nose turning black from exposure to the gas.
I bent down and scooped it up in my arms. I poured a little of the remaining Poisonous
Rhinoceros' Horn Powder into its mouth.
Its groans gradually ceased.
[The constellation 'Sneaking Schemer' is watching your story.]
I walked across the platform with the pup in my arms. It was hard to see through the fog.
[The constellation 'Lotus Blooming Under the Moonlight' is watching your story.]
I walked and walked and walked, relying on the faint voices of the stars.
Little by little, my consciousness faded.
I could hear voices in the distance.
They were the voices of those looking for me.
The tip of my foot caught on something hard. It was the stairs. I had to go up.
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is watching your story.]
I glanced back absentmindedly.
The bodies of so many monsters and humans, now buried in the thick fog, were nowhere to be
seen.
I took a step up the stairs, and a single footprint imprinted itself.

[You have achieved an impossible feat.]
It was a pitch black footprint.
[Your first 'story' is germinating.]
I went up the stairs.

Author's Note
Thank you.

Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (5)
< Episode 9. Words That Can't Be Said (5) >

*

Everything is white. An empty, blank space, like a manuscript page with nothing written on it.
My thoughts blinked like a cursor.
「"Inho-ssi, how did you become a writer?"」
Jung Heewon asked me that question when we were trapped inside the ichthyosaur.
Strangely, the answer didn't come to me immediately.
How did I become a writer?
The memory was distant and fuzzy.
「You're here?」
I forced my eyes open and saw a snowy sky.
I immediately realized where I was.
A snowfield covered in white.
As I slowly raised myself up, I saw the face of the protagonist I knew so well.
「Kim Dokja.」
Kim Dokja nodded. Just like the last time we met, he was still standing alone in the snowfield.
He waved lightly at me, then squatted down and stared at the ground. He was looking so intently
at the ground that I couldn't help but approach and ask.
「Is there something there?」
Kim Dokja shook his head and smirked. His finger pointed down.
There was a pitch black footprint.

It wasn't the original footprint.
They were clearly recent.
I looked down at my feet, then back up at the print.
Then I slowly squatted down next to Kim Dokja.
「I wanted to be strong like you.」
I don't know why I said that, it just came out of my mouth.
「Like you.......」
「You know.」
Kim Dokja said.
「I'm not that strong.」
As he said this, he slowly turned around and saw the vague trail of footsteps behind him.
Kim Dokja, as if counting the footprints, said.
「I just kept walking.」
Keep walking.
Kim Dokja continued.
「It's going to be very hard from now on.」
「......」
「It will be lonely.」
After hearing those words, I felt really lonely. I said.
「This story won't have a happy ending.」
Kim Dokja didn't answer for a moment.
We looked at the footprints. Footprints that had disappeared. Footprints that were being made.
And footprints that would be made.
Kim Dokja asked.
「Will you be alright?」
I nodded slowly.

「As long as you keep reading.」
Kim Dokja's eyes were on me. I felt awkward and averted his gaze.
He said.
「Well, it's not supposed to be like that.」
He hesitated, rummaged through his coat pockets, and placed something in my hand.
「Take it. And.......」

*

I opened my eyes with a sight.
It was Chungmuro Station.
"Inho-ssi!"
I put a hand on my forehead and raised my upper body. Kyung Sein's face came into view.
"Everyone......."
"It's okay, everyone's okay."
Kyung Sein squeezed my hand.
"Hey, Inho-ssi."
It was then that Dansoo ahjussi came to my side. He sat on his knees and stared at me.
His face looked like he was scolding me, or maybe he was worried.
But he didn't ask me anything, just hugged me quietly.
Then Kyung Sein next to us suddenly burst into tears and hugged us both.
In their arms, I looked out at the scenery of Chungmuro Station.
I could see the faces of the survivors.
Gong Pildu, Ye Hyunwoo and other people were building a fort at the foot of the stairs.
I could also see a large tarp over the entrance to the stairwell to prevent the poisonous gas from
rising.

On the bench, injured people were tending to their wounds.
Some incarnations fell asleep after eating the [Elaine Forest Essence].
I could also see Jung Heewon lying on the ground and Lee Jihye sitting on the bench, staring at
the tarp.
[There are 3 hours and 39 minutes remaining until the end of the 'Emergency Defense Battle'.]
[The 'Bureau' is currently considering an early end to the 'Emergency Defense Battle'.]
A faint cheer erupted from the people building the fort.
Early termination of the scenario.
It was an option the Bureau was considering.
[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' grumbles about how long he has to watch the
obvious.]
[Some constellations are asking if the results are out already.]
The constellations were getting tired of the scenario, and it was clear that more time here wasn't
going to change the outcome.
Even now, behind that tarp, monsters were dying in real time from the poisonous fog.
I stared at the thin membrane that separated the life and death of humans and monsters.
"Ah, Inho-ssi."
Ye Hyunwoo spotted me and waved at me. I hesitantly waved back.
"You."
A large shadow fell over my head. I looked up and saw a head glistening in the fluorescent light.
Gong Pildu frowned and ran his eyes down my arms and legs, each one scarred with the bite
marks of ground rats.
"What were you going to do if you died?"
"I thought I wouldn't die."
Gong Pildu stared at my face for a long time, as if he didn't like my answer.
"Thanks to you, we all lived."
I swallowed hard.

It wasn't anyone else, it was Gong Pildu. The Ten Evil of Chungmuro Station. The second most
proud person in the entire Omniscient Reader.
He had just expressed his gratitude to me.
However, Gong Pildu's expression was a little strange.
"What is that?"
Suddenly, I turned around and saw a ground rat's pup with its nose stuck in my side, calmly
breathing .
Several people freaked out when they saw it.
No wonder.
They had just been in a fight for their lives with the ground rats, and now they were seeing a
baby monster right in front of them.
Apparently frightened by their stares, the pup scurried into my arms.
Gong Pildu asked.
"Why did you bring it here?"
I put my hand on the frightened pup's head and thought.
I could have said I did it out of pity, or I could have said I felt guilty.
I could have plausibly argued that there was no one here today who fought because they wanted
to fight, and that would have been the same for the monsters.
"Do you like dogs?"
Gong Pildu was silent for a moment.
As if reading our minds, the pup stuck its head out and looked at him.
Gong Pildu stared at the pup, then asked.
"Will you raise it?"
I hadn't thought about it.
I wondered if I could raise him.
Gong Pildu slowly bent down and squatted.
"Max."

Gong Pildu said in a scary voice. He spoke again, with a slight pause.
"Max."
Then with a whimper and a small cry, the ground rat pup hesitantly crawled out. After a
moment's hesitation, it scooted closer to Gong Pildu, sniffed, and wagged its tail.
Gong Pildu's pupils shook faintly. In his wrinkled face, the faintest hint of longing came and
went.
I asked.
"Have you ever had a dog?"
Instead of answering me, Gong Pildu stared at the tarp-covered stairwell for a moment.
"A dog would be perfect for guarding the land."

*

After taking the ground rat pup away, Gong Pildu turned to the group and announced.
"We're going to raise this guy."
Max yawned loudly in Gong Pildu's hands.
"As you can see from the way those guys fought earlier, they're very tenacious and strong
monsters. We're going to train him and use him as a guard dog. Anyone with a complaint, come
out now."
One of the men, who had been glaring at the pup the whole time, held up a hand in frustration.
"What if it isn't well trained and attacks us?"
"In that case, I will be responsible for killing it."
Gong Pildu said firmly, and several men nodded. Some even hesitantly approached and took a
closer look at Max.
"The pup is kind of cute in his own way."
"Huh, is that what he'll be like when he grows up?"
Dansoo ahjussi, who was watching the scene from the sidelines, said.

"When Jiyoon stayed in her room and read web novels."
"What?"
"I was in the living room watching old movies."
Dansoo ahjussi, who rarely talks about himself, brought up the topic for the first time in a long
time.
"What kind of movies do you watch?"
"King Kong, Godzilla, King Kong vs. Godzilla......."
"Oh."
The daughter read Omniscient Reader in her room, while the father watched King Kong vs.
Godzilla in the living room. With a firmly closed door between them.
"When you watch a monster movie, there's always someone who takes pity on the monster and
tries to raise it."
"......."
"Every once in a while, Jiyoong would walk by and say something like, 'There are no humans
like that. How could people who were about to be eaten a moment ago want to raise the
monster'?"
In the distance, Gong Pildu was teaching Max, a ground rat, how to 'give the paw'. Max looked
up at him and licked his hand.
"I wish I could have shown her this view."
Gong Pildu frowned, and the people in Chungmuro Station smirked.
People were laughing, like actors backstage after a curtain call. As if everything that happened
under that tarp was a lie.
Some people got hurt, some people got killed, but some people laughed.
They know that if they don't, they won't get to play the next scene.
"Mate."
"Yeah."
"I don't want to watch a movie where my mate dies."
I stare at the people laughing and talking, unable to answer.

[The constellation 'Demon-like Judge of Fire' has sponsored you.]
[500 coins have been sponsored.]

*

As a reward for risking my life, I was mentally attacked by Kyung Sein for a while.
"Inho-ssi, you're just like Kim Dokja."
"What?"
"No, I mean, who in their right mind would suddenly jump into a mischief of ground rats in that
situation? Aren't you actually Kim Dokja? Do you have the King of No Killing or something?"
That comment complicated my feelings quite a bit.
I mean, I like Kim Dokja, but this was kind of.......
—Hey.
There was a small spark in the air, and Bihyung's voice called out.
—Are you up?
Apparently, Bihyung was also waiting for me to wake up.
'Yes, I'm awake.'
Bihyung cleared his throat several times, then continued with a solemn voice.
—I'm really surprised this time. I didn't think you'd start a story.
At the same time as he spoke, the logs that had been pushed aside suddenly appeared.
[You have accomplished an achievement that never existed before.]
[You are beginning your first 'story' in the 3rd scenario.]
[A few constellations doubt your accomplishment.]
[Some constellations are interested in your achievement.]
[A very small number of constellations have noticed your existence.]
[10,000 coins have been sponsored.]

It's an achievement that made the nebulae pay attention to me.
Considering this is only the third scenario, that's quite an accomplishment.
—Don't get cocky. Oh, do you even know what a story is?
'I kind of know. If you collect them, you get stronger.'
—Well, it doesn't matter if you know that now....... Anyway, don't get carried away. You don't
have a story yet, just the germination of the first one, okay?
'Yes.'
I couldn't help but smile bitterly, it was as if he was trying to calm down a writer who was
excited about an unexpected box office hit.
In fact, as Bihyung said, I couldn't get cocky.
My first story was still a seed, and I wasn't sure if it would ever bloom. And even if it did, there
was a chance it would be a bad one.
—You're the worst because you look obedient on the outside. Damn it.
As I listened to Bihyung's rambling, I remembered the beginning of Omniscient Reader.
The novice dokkaebi Bihyung was surprised and horrified by Kim Dokja's behavior.
—Anyway, there will be additional rewards after the scenario is completed, since no other
incarnation has solved the 'Emergency Defense Battle' like you.
What kind of ending will this world's Bihyung have?
Will he become the Dokkaebi King of this world?
—Ha, by the way, this is really unusual. I can't believe there are already three people
germinating stories.
I paused for a moment, then asked.
'There's other ones?'
Who is it? Yoo Joonghyuk?
—Yes. They're pretty famous now. One dark person, one white person.......
The dark person is definitely Yoo Joonghyuk.
Who is the white one?

'Can you tell me who they are?'
—Naturally, I can't give you that kind of information, but I think they're a little crazy. They keep
buying lemon candy from the 'dokkaebi bag'. It costs like 200 coins a piece.
'Lemon candy?'
—Anyway, I have to go. I've got a lot of other noisy places to be right now. Damn, I shouldn't
have opened the Hidden Dungeon at a time like this.......
With those words, Bihyung disappeared.
I turned to Kyung Sein, who was still talking about Kim Dokja.
"Sein-ssi. Has Yoo Joonghyuk returned yet?"
"No, and you're still looking for Yoo Joonghyuk. Inho-ssi, you're really—"
"Sein-ssi."
"That bastard didn't even show his nose. Why?"
As far as I can tell, there's only one place Yoo Joonghyuk could have gone if he wasn't
participating in the 'Emergency Defense Battle'.
「The Theater Dungeon.」
I had an ominous feeling.
Of course, Yoo Joonghyuk is strong in this world, so he won't die in the 'Theater Dungeon'.
At least, that's how it was supposed to be.
「Yoo Joonghyuk is stuck on the sunfish route again」
That comment from a few hours ago stuck with me.
I glanced at my surroundings and secretly opened my phone. The battery was almost dead.
[A new chapter has been updated!]
A new chapter already?
I absentmindedly scrolled through the list and stopped when I saw the new episode title.

+

Episode 10. Writer (1)

+

As soon as I saw the title, Bihyung's words ran through my head.
「They keep buying lemon candy from the 'dokkaebi bag'.」
I absentmindedly shoved my hand in my pocket.
Since when?
In my pocket, there was something I'd never put there before.
「Take it. And.......」
Too late, I remembered the words from my dream.
I took the object out of my pocket. Slowly, a chill ran down my spine.
A small candy wrapped in a yellow shell.
Surely, that's what Kim Dokja said.
「Give it to him.」

Author's Note
Sorry.
Due to health issues, we will be taking a one-day break on Monday (24th) ᅮᅮ
We will be back after a quick recovery.
Thank you!

Episode 10. Writer (1)
< Episode 10. Writer (1) >

Episode 10. Writer

*

Half an hour later, I hunted down the 'Giant Centipede' and organized the items I obtained.
[Giant Centipede Core].
[Giant Centipede Carapace Fragment].
I managed to grab these two items in a hurry.
I didn't have any use for them right now, so I put them up for sale on the exchange through
Bihyung.
The centipede's core is used as an ingredient for the panacea, so there was a chance that Chinese
incarnations like Pei Hu would buy them.
Come to think of it, I completely forgot about the overseas side.
There are translations of 'Omniscient Reader' in foreign languages, so maybe there are some
transmigrated foreign readers.
"Inho-ssi, we're ready."
I turned around to find Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi waiting for me.
"Okay. Let's go."
We went straight to Ye Hyunwoo.
When we told him what we wanted to do, he had the expected reaction.
"You want to go to the Theater Dungeon now?"

Ye Hyunwoo thought for a moment, then asked Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi to leave for a
moment.
When they stepped back, Ye Hyunwoo asked in a low voice.
"Does this have anything to do with Yoo Joonghyuk?"
As expected of the 7th Apostle.
I simply nodded and replied.
"Because the only place Yoo Joonghyuk can go right now is the 'Theater Dungeon'."
"Hmm, I guess so too."
Ye Hyunwoo's gaze drifted upward toward the top of the station.
Somewhere up there, Yoo Joonghyuk, who had entered the theater, was probably slashing at
monsters.
"I heard from Sein-ssi last time. The Yoo Joonghyuk of this world is the 41st turn, right?"
"That's right."
"Which 41st turn?"
"If you ask me which one."
"There were two 41st turns. One before Shin Yooseung became the Disaster of Floods, and one
after."
I smiled bitterly to myself.
This was no ordinary reader, indeed.
My expression must have been serious, because Ye Hyunwoo laughed.
"You can pretend like you don't know, and I won't bother using Lie Detection."
I felt a little numb as I watched him smile.
What a clever reader.
"Probably the former."
"Then it's the '41st turn' from Omniscient Reader. The one where he failed the scenario and
turned Shin Yooseung into the 'Disaster of Floods'...... and you're still going to the 'Theater
Dungeon'?"

I was at a loss for words.
"You saw him yourself, Inho-ssi. He destroyed all the green zones and tried to kill us."
It was true. We were almost wiped out in the Emergency Defense Battle because of Yoo
Joonghyuk.
However.......
「"If you're really Cheon Inho, you can do this alone."」
If I think he did it because he believed in me that much, I wonder if I'm putting too much hope
into it.
"If you go to the Theater Dungeon now, you might end up fighting Yoo Joonghyuk."
"I know, but I'm going anyway."
Ye Hyunwoo sighed and asked.
"Will the three of you be alright? Would you like some reinforcements?"
"Are you going to help me?"
"We can't afford to lose Inho-ssi in a place like this. And."
Ye Hyunwoo added hesitantly.
"I saw Inho-ssi talking to Yoo Joonghyuk on the railroad tracks. I don't know what happened
between you two, but Inho-ssi seemed to be on the same page with Yoo Joonghyuk."
I've never thought about it like that.
"We're okay. I'm sorry if it seems like I'm leaving you to do the finishing touches, since the
scenario isn't even finished yet."
"No, I was planning on passing on the Theater Dungeon anyway. It's hard enough to organize the
rewards here, and...... I've already received enough support."
Apparently, Ye Hyunwoo has gotten quite a few coins with his new techtree, 'Infinite Uroboros'
or something.
Apparently, he hasn't even picked a sponsor yet, so he won't have to worry about sponsorship for
a while.
I can't wait to see what he picks the next time we meet.
"By the way, I was surprised that Inho-ssi used the 'Poison Bomb'."

I didn't understand Ye Hyunwoo's words for a moment, as his voice lacked the slightest hint of
hostility.
"I thought the recipe for that bomb was still only known to the Misreading Association."
Ye Hyunwoo's eyes were calm as he looked at me. I answered, pretending to be calm too.
"I picked one up the last time I was with Killer King against the Misreading Association."
Ye Hyunwoo smirked.
"It's not that I think Inho-ssi is from the Misreading Association, I just......."
I was a little nervous.
Did Ye Hyunwoo see me use the 'Idea of Almost Anything'?
Even though the 'Idea of Almost Anything' wasn't an item that appeared in Omniscient Reader,
Ye Hyunwoo's perceptive mind could have picked up on something in that moment.
"Inho-ssi."
"Yes."
"If you don't mind, can you get me an item from the fifth floor of the Theater Dungeon? I'll buy
it."
"What?"
Look at this.
"What item do you want?"
The fifth floor of the Theater Dungeon is the [rewards room] where the replica items are located.
After thinking for a moment, Ye Hyunwoo said.
"It's the 'Divine Weapon (神機箭)'."
Amazing. I know what it is.
The question is.
"But I don't know if that item is there......."
"I'm sure it does. It was in a movie too. It wasn't in Omniscient Reader, but there's no way it isn't
there, it must be there."
Speaking seriously, Ye Hyunwoo glanced at the 'Idea of Almost Anything' wrapped in my arm

and added.
"Because that's what I need for the '5th stage of the Invincible Castellan techtree'."
What a clever reader.
*
"What were you talking about with the Apostle?"
"Nothing much. We decided that instead of going to the Theater Dungeon by ourselves, we'd
take care of some items for him."
"Aha."
I briefly recounted the story to Dansoo ahjussi and Kyung Sein.
"You did well, it can't hurt to have a good relationship with the 7th ranked."
"I agree."
My thoughts were the same.
After all, Ye Hyunwoo didn't seem like a bad guy.
"Okay, so now......."
I turned to my last colleague, who was staring blankly into space.
"Heewon-ssi."
Jung Heewon, who was sitting on a bench, looked up with difficulty. For some reason, her
expression was strangely grim.
"Inho-ssi."
"Yes."
"I'm sorry."
"What?"
The sudden apology caught me off guard. The reason quickly became apparent.
"If only I was a little stronger."
Jung Heewon scratched the subway floor with the tip of her ground rat knife. She must have
been doing it for some time, the bottom of the bench was all scratched.

"That's vandalism."
It was a joke, but it didn't work very well.
[The character 'Jung Heewon' feels guilty about you.]
Guilt. Perhaps she was blaming herself for not being able to save me.
"Heewon-ssi."
I knelt down on one knee and grabbed Jung Heewon's hand holding the sword with both hands.
Her hand was rough and firm from who knows how many times she had swung the sword by
now.
I carefully took the sword from her hand and began to draw on the subway floor. Using Jung
Heewon's scratches as a guide, I drew a human face. I also drew a small speech bubble next to it.
「ᅲ ᅲ」
When I finished, you couldn't tell if it was a person or a dumpling.
Jung Heewon stared down at the graffiti and muttered.
"You said it was vandalism."
I looked at her and said.
"You're not the one who should feel sorry right now."
Jung Heewon did her best.
It was me who fell short.
「All '⬜⬜' tells me about is 'my danger'."」
Looking back on it now, it was a dizzying situation. What if there had been a more powerful
beast than the giant centipede?
「Jung Heewon could have died.」
Just thinking about it made my heart go cold. Maybe I was getting too carried away by the story.
I'm not Kim Dokja.
I'll never be as lucky as he is, or as loved by the stars.
But I have to keep living on this story.
"We're colleagues."

"......."
"I'll be strong enough to not need you to protect me. I won't hide behind you forever."
Jung Heewon's eyes shook as she looked at me.
[The character 'Jung Heewon' is sad because of you.]
Sad?
I quickly added as I handed her back the ground rat knife.
"But this means that I'm going to hide behind Heewon-ssi for a little while longer until I get
stronger."
Jung Heewon opened her mouth a little.
"......."
[The character 'Jung Heewon' is delighted by your words.]
[Your understanding of the character 'Jung Heewon' has increased.]
I understood Jung Heewon's situation.
Perhaps this is how she can endure this crazy world.
"So, this is why I need your help again, Heewon-ssi."
"Where else are you going?"
Jung Heewon asked as she wiped her ground rat knife clean with a piece of cloth.
She had just killed a giant centipede with that worn-out sword.
No matter where she is, Jung Heewon is Jung Heewon.
Come to think of it, she had switched to a new weapon around this time in the 'Omniscient
Reader'.
"I'm going to the theater upstairs."
"Theater? At this time?"
"You should change your weapon sooner or later. There are some good items upstairs, so why
don't you come with me?"
Kyung Sein interjected and quickly changed the subject.

"Oh, that's why you're going? But I'm fine with my sword."
"Oh, that girl, Lee Jihye, was carrying a decent one too."
As we headed upstairs, a figure stopped us at the ticket gate.
I didn't have to ask who it was.
"Lee Jihye."
Lee Jihye, leaning against the vending machine, glared at me.
"Huh. What."
"Thanks for earlier."
Her eyes shook, as if she hadn't expected to hear that.
"I was just doing you a favor."
Then she turned away.
A child will be a child.
"You saved the others, too."
I saw it clearly, even in my desperation.
Lee Jihye, who acted as if she wouldn't do anything to help, was saving people from dying in the
meantime.
Times change, world lines change, but the essence of a person doesn't change much.
"You should come with us."
"Where?"
"Where your master is."
"Master...... Do you know where he is?"
"I know."
Lee Jihye's eyes were filled with agitation.
"Yoo Joonghyuk didn't tell you anything?"
Lee Jihye didn't answer, but bit her lip hard.
「Yoo Joonghyuk went to the Theater Dungeon, but he left Lee Jihye behind?」

It's a decision I don't understand.
Lee Jihye's sponsor is the 'Admiral Yi Sunsin', and there are many places in the Theater Dungeon
where naval battles are staged, but Yoo Joonghyuk left Lee Jihye alone.
It's not the 3rd turn, but the 41st turn.
Even when Lee Jihye died,
「"In the future, sea battles will be a bit difficult."」
Yoo Joonghyuk said that.
"Just...... He told me to stay here and make sure you don't die."
"Why?"
"I don't know. Maybe because he trusts me?"
That's what she said, but there was no conviction in her voice. I don't know the exact situation,
but it was an opportunity for me.
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.6' is activated!]
I'll do my best villainous impression for a moment.
"So your mission is over at the end of the 'Emergency Defense Battle'."
"That's true, but......."
"Yoo Joonghyuk is so selfish, right? Treating you like a child, doesn't he?"
Lee Jihye tapped her tiptoes.
"Shut up. You don't know anything."
"Come with us."
"Why would I......."
"I have information on top-grade items. When I get it, I'll give it to you."
"......."
"Don't you want a new weapon? You've been using a sword too, but if you get a new one, maybe
Yoo Joonghyuk will take you with him."
The mention of a sword made Lee Jihye pause for a moment.

"What?"
"It's the sword that's weak, not you."
Lee Jihye bit her lip.
"You're just going out for a while. We'll be back before Yoo Joonghyuk comes back."
The innocent girl nodded slightly.
[The character 'Lee Jihye' has a slight affinity for you.]
Maybe collecting <Kim Dokja's Company> is easier than I thought?

*

After a while, we arrived at the entrance of the theater.
"Where did unni learn to use the sword?"
"The kendo club at school."
"Wow, I'm self-taught. What do you learn in a kendo club?"
"How to win, but not kill."
Lee Jihye, who had joined our group on a whim, was chatting with Jung Heewon.
Jung Heewon mostly responded bluntly. Lee Jihye liked that bluntness and stuck by her side,
unable to let go.
Come to think of it, the two of them had gotten along well in Omniscient Reader.
"We're almost there, everyone, get ready."
[You are approaching the outside region. Be careful not to leave the scenario area.]
The entrance to the dungeon, the first floor, appeared. Kyung Sein muttered.
"I didn't expect to come here again."
It was a strange feeling.
This 'theater' was the same theater where the real-life 'Kim Dokja's Banquet' was held.
[You have found a 'hidden dungeon'!]

[This dungeon has already been discovered by someone. You can't get the first discovery
achievement.]
[A new hidden scenario has arrived!]

+

<Hidden Scenario - Theater Dungeon>
Category: Hidden
Difficulty: AClear Conditions: Defeat the master of the Theater Dungeon.
Time Limit: None
Reward: 4,000 coins
Failure: —

+

[You have entered 'Theater Dungeon'!]
The scenario message sounded like it had been waiting for us.
We went straight to the dungeon entrance.
And the next moment.
"Stop."
Dansoo ahjussi stopped the group. The cockroach must have told him something.
"There's someone else besides us."
Suddenly, my ears perked up.
It wasn't just the first basement floor.
I made my way upstairs.

I could hear people's voices on the first above ground floor as well.
Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi looked at me at the same time.
Only Kim Dokja, Yoo Joonghyuk, and some of the prophets entered this 'hidden dungeon' in
Omniscient Reader.
Since the world we've been transmigrated to isn't 'Omniscient Reader's', but 'Ways of Survival's',
there are naturally no prophets.
"Inho-ssi, are those people......."
"Yes."
At first glance, there were more than a dozen people hiding on the first floor of the basement
alone. Counting the above ground floor, the number might be over thirty or forty.
I hardened my expression and said.
"They're all readers."

Author's Note
It's already 600 episodes.
Time has flown by.
Thank you for always being with us.

< Episode 10. Writer (2) >
< Episode 10. Writer (2) >

I looked around the theater.
There were seventeen people waiting on the first floor of the basement.
At first glance, they were not ordinary people.
[Someone has used 'Sneak Peek' on you!]
[Someone has used 'Attribute Detection' on you!]
Detection skill messages flew in as if they'd been waiting for me.
[Sneak Peek] and [Attribute Detection].
They weren't as high-level detection skills as Yoo Joonghyuk's [Sage's Eye], but they weren't
easy to get at this early stage. Readers, too, are out of the ordinary.
['Sneak Peek' failed for an unknown reason!]
['Attribute Detection' failed for an unknown reason!]
Of course, they didn't work on me.
I don't know why it didn't work on me. Come to think of it, I can't even see my own 'Attribute
Window', so it would be odd if they can see it.
Maybe I do have a [Fourth Wall] after all.
'Fourth Wall.'
I called out inside, but there was no response.
I'm strong-minded, so maybe I just blocked them with my mind?
"Ugh."
Anyway, I noticed those who were affected by the rebound of the skill. There were two people
who had a strange reaction.

One was an old man leaning against a stall with a pipe in his mouth, and the other was a woman
with a long cheolgon[3] on her back.
Perhaps they were the ones who had just used the detection skills.
I quickly checked their information using the [Readers' Comments List].
[Checking the reader's profile information.]

+

ID: barampoong
Platform: Textia
Total Comments: 31
Reader Level: 35
Number of Reads: 6 times

+

ID: strawberry1137
Platform: Series
Total Comments: 112
Reader Level: 46
Number of Reads: 8

+

The old man is 0.06 of Killer King.
The woman is 0.08 of Killer King.

Somehow, I ended up evaluating all readers based on Killer King.
I looked at the other readers one by one.
The man standing over there is 0.005 of Killer King, the one next to him is 0.001 of Killer King,
the other next to them is 0.0006 of Killer King...... There were quite a few people who didn't
finish the novel.
Other than that, I didn't see anyone with a particularly impressive number of reads.
Everyone's working hard.
"Isn't that Lee Jihye?"
Someone muttered in a low voice.
I looked back at Lee Jihye with a sense of regret.
Lee Jihye couldn't help but stand out, even if they didn't know anyone else. She was described in
a novel.
A hood zipped-up and a ponytail. She carried a long sword. Plus, she has a cute face, so they
couldn't help but notice.
"Hmm?"
Lee Jihye glared in the direction of the sound, and people quickly averted their eyes.
Kyung Sein whispered to me.
"Do you want me to try talking to them?"
I shook my head.
Kyung Sein is a friendly person, so he wouldn't have a problem getting to know them, but.......
"We'd better be a little cautious here."
So far, I've been lucky. Kyung Sein, Dansoo ahjussi and Ye Hyunwoo. They've all been good
people.
But Killer King's advice is right. As he said, there was no guarantee that every reader would be a
good person.
[Oh, that's a lot of people now.]
The theater doors at the back slammed shut, and the voice of a dokkaebi called out from the air.
[Now that the last of you have entered...... Those of you still in the basement, please come up to

the first floor.]
'Theater Dungeon' is a hidden scenario.
Originally, the dokkaebi wouldn't intervene.
"There are more people upstairs. We should be careful."
At Dansoo ahjussi's words, we exchanged a quick glance and went up to the first floor.
As we entered the lobby, the first thing we saw was a dokkaebi in a suit.
[Welcome. My name is Paul, I'm an intermediate goblin.]
The intermediate dokkaebi Paul.
He appeared in the Omniscient Reader. Messing up the 'Disaster of the Floods' scenario, getting
beaten up by Kim Dokja, and being exiled.
It felt strange to run into him in the 41st turn.
[Hmph...... So many people came here this time. We can't even call it a 'hidden scenario'
anymore.]
By now, there were at least 40 people in the lobby on the first floor.
[And you guys are a little late. A few hours ago, the people who discovered this theater went
already pretty far upstairs.]
A screen floated up on the lobby ceiling.
The screen showed the other incarnations attacking the upper levels of the theater dungeon.
—What the hell, it's no big deal, right?
A young man chuckling and slashing at zombies in the movie, his hair dyed white and a tattered
school uniform. A dark aura wrapped around a sharp knife.
I realized who he was.
「Kim Namwoon.」
I wasn't the only one who recognized him. Some people covered their mouths to hide their
surprise, others widened their eyes.
—Hey, soldier, hurry up and follow me. I'll go up before the captain. If you delay me.......
The 41st turn Kim Namwoon was still Kim Namwoon.

I could see some readers smiling faintly. Others stiffened their expressions.
Both reactions were understandable.
That 'Kim Namwoon' was definitely the Kim Namwoon we know, and therefore a Kim
Namwoon that was extremely dangerous.
—Namwoon-ssi. This stage is not just about killing zombies.......
I could tell even though it was just a voice.
It was the unmistakable Lee Hyunsung.
The readers' expressions changed one by one. They could finally meet another member of the
Kim Dokja's Company.
It was then that Kim Namwoon's scream rang out.
—Uaaaak! What!
The screen shook ominously.
A sharp series of squeals.
A white coat fluttering lightly at the end of the screen.
Immediately, the broadcast stopped.
[That's it for the preview.]
Paul laughed in amusement. There was a mild commotion in the lobby.
"Was that...... right?"
"As expected, yes. As long as you manage to get up there somehow......."
"It's a little different from the original development."
I could see where they were coming from.
The 'white coat' is too symbolic an item in Omniscient Reader.
"Inho-ssi. That's Kim Dokja, right?"
Kyung Sein whispered. Her[1] eyes shook with anticipation.
「There might be a Kim Dokja somewhere in this world.」
I can understand that. I don't think there's a reader here who doesn't expect that.

I steeled myself and said.
"This is the 41st turn."
"Well, but what if something happens that we don't know about, and there's a Kim Dokja here—"
"Maybe."
I replied, fiddling with the lemon candy in my pocket.
"And even if he came here like we did, it's not time to get the coat yet, you know."
"Ah. That's right, the Infinite Dimension Space Coat is......."
Kyung Sein's expression turned sour.
"Then who was that person just now?"
"We'll find out when we go up there."
Lee Jihye, who was looking up at the screen from the side, chimed in.
"Ahjussi. Let's go quickly. I don't want to lose to that guy."
I wondered who 'that guy' was and asked.
"Kim Namwoon?"
"What. How do you know his name?"
"He looks like that."
"No, what—"
I looked at Paul, the intermediate dokkaebi.
He had to show the video of the upper floors at this time.
And he's adding psychological pressure by emphasizing that we're 'late'. Normally, this would
have been an unnecessary performance.
That said.
[As you can see, no matter what you do now, you can't keep up with the incarnations of the
upper floors.]
Maybe there's a new scenario I'm not aware of.
[That's why I've organized an event specifically for the latecomers.]

[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' wonders what that is.]
[A constellation who hasn't revealed their modifier is curious.]
[The constellation 'Rice Cake-Eating Tiger' worries about the incarnations.]
From the looks of it, I can guess what he's trying to do.
That damned intermediate-grade dokkaebi had started playing games with the owner of this
'Theater Dungeon'.
[Read the scenario description for yourself for more details.]
[A new sub scenario has arrived!]

+

<Sub Scenario — Departure of the Cinema Trip>
Category : Sub
Difficulty: B
Clear Conditions: The staircase of the 'Cinema Trip' will open in the Theater Dungeon.
You can use the 'Cinema Trip' to quickly catch up to the starters.
Roll the dice, clear the stages, and complete the 'Theater Dungeon' faster than the starters.
Time Limit: —
Reward: ???
Failure: —

+

* You can team up with up to 3 players to start your 'Cinema Trip'.
*From the 1st floor to the 8th floor, every 'staircase' you can step on hides a [Normal Stage],
[Bonus Stage], and [Trap Stage] respectively.

* Each stage has a certain probability of a mission associated with a specific 'movie', and
completing that mission awards a 'dice'.
* You can climb stairs equal to the number of eyes rolled on the 'dice'.

+

I roughly understood the scenario.
So, it's a kind of movie version of a 'board game'.
We're the pieces of the board game in groups of three, and we roll the dice, and if we get a high
number, we go up the stairs. If you get stuck on a stage, you have to complete a mission.
If this is a scenario where you're trying to catch up to the upper incarnations, the stages will be
much shorter than the movie.
"It's like Bl⬛Mar[2], right? Ugh, the filtering."
Both Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi seemed to have figured out what the game was about.
So did other readers.
After all, there's no one in Korea who doesn't know this game.
[I'll give you 10 minutes to form teams.]
The incarnations looked at each other in unison.
Those who already had teams seemed intent on participating as they were, while others looked
around frantically.
—The two next to you. They're Jung Heewon and Lee Jihye, right?
A voice in my ear made me look around.
[Full Voice.]
I didn't realize that someone had already bought the skill.
—Don't look around.
A high-pressure tone.
I scanned the area out of the corner of my eye.

[Full Voice] is a skill that seals sound with magic and transmits it.
The user of this skill couldn't help but move their lips.
—I don't know how you got the S-grade characters already, but come join our group. There are
three of us. Some of us have contracts with narrative-grade constellations, and some of us have
S-grade items.
S-grade items and narrative-grades constellations.
Not a bad offer.
If only it hadn't been for the words that followed.
—You, Lee Jihye and Jung Heewon. I'll take up to three. We can split into two teams and go up
together.
It didn't take me long to find the user of [Full Voice], the woman with the cheolgon on her back
who had used [Attribute Detection] on me.
—Please think about it and answer quickly. Remember, this is real life, not fiction.
Nickname strawberry1137.
8 reads.
I don't know how she could be so confident after reading Omniscient Reader 8 times.
But then I heard another [Full Voice].
—Do you want to team up?
This time, it was the old man. I could tell just by looking at him. He was the only one mumbling
as if he were ventriloquizing.
Nickname barampoong.
6 reads.
—There are two of us. We're fewer in number, but as you can see, I have [Full Voice] and one Sgrade skill. I think you're five...... Why don't you join forces with us?
Again, not a bad offer.
By the way, there was already a behind-the-scenes war of nerves, they were meticulous people.
However, they weren't the only readers.
"Excuse me......."

He raised his hand cautiously, he wore a faded sweatshirt and clutched a toothless sword. He
looked around, wondering how he'd gotten here.
He glanced around and asked the innocent question I wished he hadn't.
"H-has anyone read Omniscient Reader?"
There was a collective sigh of despondency. Judging by the looks on people's faces, he was
going to have a hard time finding teammates. It was then that a group of people walked out from
the stalls in the back of the lobby.
"What are you all shaking about? I don't think there's anyone here who hasn't read the novel."
A group of five men and women.
They were the ones I hadn't yet used [Readers' Comments List] on.
The man who seemed to be the leader of the group spoke up.
"It's not a good time to be looking at each other like that."
Several of us gasped at the man's attire.
A white coat and long sword.
Obviously, he wasn't Kim Dokja.
"We're not here to fight amongst ourselves, are we? Isn't the purpose to work together to clear
the dungeon? I'm sure you all received the scenario at the Banquet."
He used his deep voice to dominate the room. He was a good talker.
"I don't think you're all planning on getting blown to bits. Have you forgotten what kind of world
this is?"
The mood turned sour, and the cheolgon woman, who had been listening silently, asked.
"What are you up to?"
"You mean me?"
The man smirked, as if he were Kim Dokja.
"I'm closer to being a 'Kim Dokja' than anyone else in the world right now."
The cheolgon woman smirked.
"You?"

"Yes."
"Are you that confident?"
Indeed, the cheolgon woman, who had read Omniscient Reader 8 times, arrogantly drew out her
cheolgon.
Then the man laughed.
"I'm not just talking about skill."
He drew the sword at his waist.
I could feel Kyung Sein beside me breathing in. Perhaps anyone would have.
A sword broken in half.
A keen reader would recognize the item.
"Broken Faith......!"
There was a commotion in the hall.
The cheolgon woman narrowed her eyes.
"You think a broken sword is enough to make you Kim Dokja—"
Wuuuuh.
A blue-white glow emanated from the man's sword.
An ether blade.
Someone cried out in surprise.
"P-Purest Sword Force?"
"It's the Purest Sword Force!"
For once, the cheolgon woman's expression stiffened.
The man smiled faintly at her, then slowly turned around.
"It's understandable that you're so frightened. But you don't have to worry."
"W-who are you. You're not even the real Kim Dokja."
"Of course I'm not Kim Dokja."
The man laughed, looking a little sad.

"Probably even 'Kim Dokja' wouldn't know more about this world than I do?"
The man, who had overwhelmed everyone in the room with his performance, casually revealed
his identity.
"I'm the one who wrote 『Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint』."

Author's Note
It's not us.
+) Readers, we're really sorry. Due to our scheduling mistake, the upload of the series on Munpia
was late. ᅮᅮ We will be careful not to do this next time.

[1] They used "her" now so I'll go back to she/her unless stated otherwise.
[2] Blue Marble Game is a Korean board game similar to Monopoly (Wikipedia).
[3] 철곤: I think it's something like an iron rod.

< Episode 10. Writer (3) >
< Episode 10. Writer (3) >

The author of Omniscient Reader.
At his words, the room erupted in confusion.
"Really?"
"No matter how you look at it, he's not Han Sooyoung......."
"Then he's the writer of our world line?"
Jung Heewon and Lee Jihye looked like they didn't know what he was talking about.
Lee Jihye asked.
"What are they talking about? Is he famous?"
"I'm going to look around for a while."
"Oh, I'll go with you, unni."
Jung Heewon glanced in my direction and walked away as if she wasn't interested, and Lee Jihye
followed.
Come to think of it, there was such a description in Omniscient Reader.
「"In fact, Sungkook and I tried to test some people by saying that this was a novel. But they
didn't understand at all. It is like they're NPCs... No matter how serious I am, they just take it as a
joke."」
When the prophets told the characters about 'Ways of Survival', they acted like they didn't
understand.
Maybe that's why Jung Heewon and Lee Jihye aren't showing much interest right now.
Kyung Sein, who was watching, quickly came to my side.
"Is he really the writer?"
A man wearing a plausible white coat and carrying a sword that's supposedly 'Broken Faith'.

The white coat could have been picked up somewhere, and the sword could have been acquired
quickly enough.
In other words, those items don't provide any guarantee that he's a writer.
But I wasn't convinced he was lying.
It's possible that I'm not the only writer that's been transmigrated. For example, he could be an
'Omniscient Reader's' writer from another world line.
Luckily, I had a way to verify that.
[Using 'Readers' Comments List' in this person.]
At the next system window that popped up in front of me, I doubted my eyes.
Huh? Wait a minute.
This asshole........
While I was checking his information with [Readers' Comments List], Kyung Sein unexpectedly
stepped forward.
"Writer-nim. I sent you an article on how to stretch, do you remember?"
Yes, he had sent me one of those.
The writer replied.
"That...... I don't remember all the messages either. It's only one message from you, but I have
thousands of other messages to read."
It wasn't something I said that much, but if you send me something in a direct message, like how
to do a stretch, I'll remember it.
I still do those stretches from time to time.
"I'm sorry I don't remember."
"D-don't worry."
Kyung Sein lowered her hand with a grimace.
The self-proclaimed writer added.
"But if I had known it was from such a beautiful woman, of course I would have remembered."
"Huh?"

Kyung Sein looked dumbfounded.
It gave me goosebumps in more ways than one. I should probably say something to save face,
"Are you really the writer?"
The cheolgon woman took the lead.
"How are you going to prove it? You don't have to be the writer to get something like 'Broken
Faith'."
True. That's right.
"If you're really the writer, shouldn't you have at least created 'Unbroken Faith'?"
That's...... Not even the real writer could make it.
The asshole writer replied.
"Even if I'm the writer, I can't control every situation, which is why I didn't get the 'random item
box'. Maybe one of you here used it."
Dansoo ahjussi and Kyung Sein glanced back at me at this logical statement.
"Wouldn't we be able to tell if we used [Lie Detection]?"
The person who said that was the one who shouted out 'has anyone read Omniscient Reader'
earlier.
A few readers shook their heads.
"Oh, right. [Lie Detection]."
"But I wonder if anyone has that skill right now......."
Seeing as how no one else has stepped forward, I don't think there's an incarnation of [Lie
Detection] here.
That said, Apostles like Killer King and Ye Hyunwoo were the exception.
Normally, no one would have gotten [Lie Detection] at this time.
But the writer signaled to the woman beside him.
She had a big hood drawn and her face covered with a mask.
[Someone has used 'Lie Detection'.]
The message was heard by everyone.

There was a murmur of surprise.
The asshole writer opened his mouth.
"I'll prove it. I'm the one who wrote 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'."
['Lie Detection' has confirmed that the statement is true.]
The readers were stunned.
"Is it true?"
"You're really the writer?"
Excited voices asked.
But some readers still didn't believe it.
This time, it was the cheolgon woman.
"Wait. Are you really the writer who wrote for 'Sirius' and 'Textia'? Say it one more time."
But even the cheolgon woman's tone had changed; she was flustered.
"That's right. Verify it again!"
"She just verified it. I think he's really the writer."
Even the readers began to disagree.
In the center of the debate, I saw the writer with a sour look on his face.
"I know you won't believe me no matter what I say. There's no point in me proving it over and
over again."
He sighed softly and slowly looked around.
If nothing else, he was a good actor.
I wonder where they teach how to talk like a writer these days.
"I can promise you one thing, though: if you stick with me from now on, I'll take you to the end
of the story, no matter what it takes."
['Lie Detection' has confirmed that the statement is true.]
[Lie Detection] appeared at the right timing.
As if on cue, the asshole writer added.

"I have more complete information than anyone else about Omniscient Reader. If you will trust
me, I will lead you down a path where there are no wrong answers."
There was a brief silence in the room.
Elevated, the readers looked at each other.
"He must be for real."
"Well, if it's [Lie Detection], I can believe it."
"Isn't that enough proof?"
"Wait, you believe that easily? [Lie Detection] isn't always accurateᅳ"
There were still a few voices of disbelief, including the cheolgon woman, but the tide was slowly
turning in the writer's favor.
Perhaps it was time to step in.
"I'm curious, writer-nim."
[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.6' is activated!]
At my words, the readers turned to look at me at the same time. No wonder. My Incite was now
on level 6.
Even if I farted, everyone would stare at me.
"You're not even Han Sooyoung, do you really have 'perfect information' about this world?"
The readers suddenly had keen eyes as if they smelled a fart.
"Come to think of it—"
"Wasn't it a setting that you were just dictating what Han Sooyoung wrote about Omniscient
Reader?"
The writer's complexion changed with the creeping public opinion.
I added as if I were letting go of the leash.
"Oh, but since you're the writer, you might know something we don't, for example....... the
identity of 'RepresentativeKimDokja'."
The sound of someone breathing in quietly.
The writer replied.

"Unfortunately, I don't know that much either."
That's good. He can say he doesn't know something he doesn't know.
Because you can't prove it with [Lie Detection].
But he made one mistake.
"Hmmm. You don't know that either. You do know more about 'Omniscient Reader' than us,
right?"
I could see the corner of the writer's mouth twitch.
"Of course."
"Well, then, do you mind if I quiz you on a few quick Omniscient Reader trivia questions that
I'm sure you'll know?"
Slowly, his eyes moved upward.
He was probably looking at 'the manuscript' in his head.
"Sure."
"Okay, here's the first question. . In 'Ways of Survival', Yoo Joonghyuk regresses 1,863 times.
What does the number '1,863' symbolize?"
"What?"
For the first time, the guy's complexion changed.
"What do you mean symbol, that's......."
"You don't know?"
Of course you don't. Because I didn't either.
"Since you don't know, I'll give you the answer: 1,863 is the year that the world's first subway
opened."
I heard a muffled laugh nearby.
Presumably, some of them had attended 'Kim Dokja's Banquet' that day.
The writer protested.
"How do you get a question like that right?"
"Well, if that was too hard for you, I'll give you a second, easier one: How many times does ⬛

appear in total in the entire 'Omniscient Reader'?"
The laughter around us intensified.
Finally, the writer's eyes narrowed.
"Are you trying to play a joke?"
That's right. I've been making fun of him so far.
It's the last question that counts.
"Was that too hard for you? Then I'll give you one last question, and if you get it right, I'll
acknowledge you as the writer. It's a really easy one, and the answer appears in 'Omniscient
Reader'."
"I hope it's a proper question."
"Okay, third question. The rest of you may know the answer, but you're not allowed to guess."
I glanced around at the readers, then said the final question.
"How many turns does it take for Yoo Joonghyuk to realize that if he uses the 'Absolute Throne'
even once, he will not be able to reach the end of the scenarios?"
A few readers looked like they knew the answer.
It was a question that the hardcore readers would know.
It was also a question that the author of 'Omniscient Reader' would never know.
The writer replied with a wry smile.
"14 turns."
I clapped my hands.
"Wow, that's great."
"So now—"
"I heard you."
A small chattering sound.
The asshole writer frowned and said.
"What....... it's really the 14th turn. I didn't hear it. It's from chapter 72 of 'Omniscient Reader'."

"That's right, it's from chapter 72."
I continued with a low sigh.
"Or, to be more precise, it appears in the 'unrevised manuscript' of chapter 72."
I could see his expression slowly harden.
"That information was a typo, and there was even a correction notice posted later. Yoo
Joonghyuk learns the secret of the 'Absolute Throne' in the 41st turn, not in the 14th turn."
The mood in the room quickly turned cold.
"I'm curious, why do you remember it as an 'unrevised manuscript' version, when you even wrote
the revision notice yourself?"
The white-faced writer twitched his lips for the umpteenth time before opening his mouth.
"Well, that was......."
At this point, it no longer mattered if he was the writer or not.
Because the pompous 'writer' didn't know any more about 'Omniscient Reader' than the average
reader.
As soon as I saw the look in his eyes, I knew what was coming.
"How can you believe that? There's no one here who remembers such information, who are
you?"
"I."
Why do I remember it? I could tell them right now, very simply, but I didn't want to.
Because this is not a 'writer's' story.
"I've read Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint over a hundred times."
The writer smirked.
As if no human being could be so ridiculous, he signaled to the woman beside him.
And the next moment.
['Lie Detection' has confirmed that the statement is true.]
Everyone opened their mouths in disbelief.
I opened my mouth to join in.

"You don't have any exclusive information, and even the information we've heard...... that makes
me wonder."
I glanced at the readers, then at the writer, smirked, and asked.
"What the hell did you write?"

*

[The 'Cinema Trip' will begin in 1 minute.]
While I was checking the equipment, a few readers came over to greet me.
"You were amazing earlier."
"Did you really read it over 100 times?"
I responded with only a light smile.
In the distance, I could see the writer's face glaring at me.
I remembered the information from the list I'd seen about him.

+

ID: tls456
Platform: Sirius, ??? (abnormal path)
Total Comments : 0, ??? (abnormal path)
Reader Level : 8, ??? (abnormal path)
Number of Reads: 1 time, ??? (abnormal path)
*This reader read 『Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint』 using as an abnormal path.

+

I know the content, but the platform, total comments, reader level, and number of reads are not
displayed correctly.
Crucially, it even said that he took an 'abnormal path' to read 'Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint'.
My conclusion is this.
「That guy is from the Misreading Association.」
He wasn't even a normal member of the Misreading Association.
This is because what he said about being 'the one who wrote Omniscient Reader' was proven to
be true through [Lie Detection].
In other words,
[The constellation 'Plague-Carrying Rat' glares at you.]
He was the one who posted the 'written' text on the 'illegal site'.

Author's Note
You!

T/N: I don't know if I'll keep uploading the chapters since I don't have that much time. I found
there's someone in twitter that translates the chapters and shares them with people who bought
them, so if you want them, follow @/vapolunes

