<title>Chapter 552 — Dumplings Made by Others
***
Translation by <a href="https://luneste.carrd.co/">luneste</a>
The following side story contains major spoilers for Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.
For the readers that have not yet completed the novel, please keep this in mind.
***

“Ahjussi, when’s your birthday?”

He couldn’t quite remember when he’d first heard this question.
Was it during the second regression? Or maybe the third?
By one point in the regressions, he no longer answered such questions. He did this because he thought answering those questions would be of no use to those asking them.

However, there were times where he did give an answer, such as now.

“It’s August 3rd.”
“August 3rd? Are you sure?”
“That’s what I promised.”

The child frowned.

“A promise? Who decides birthdays like that?”

He took out his Heaven Shaking Sword and began wiping it.
The child’s words were right. There was no one who decided their birthday like that. But was that so important?

“Who did you make this promise with?”
“There’s no need for you to know.”
“Was it a woman?”

He glanced at the child with a slight frown. In this distance, he could see the face of a smiling Kim Namwoon. He seemed to know what was going on.

***

As he went through the wheel of time, many of his memories vanished. Some memories were naturally lost during the course of it, while others were deliberately tossed away by Yoo Joonghyuk. Even so, there were still memories that didn’t disappear.

For example, the memory of when he first learned swordsmanship from the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

“Again? You’re a tenacious fellow.”

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint glanced down at Yoo Joonghyuk with contempt in her eyes. With an arrogant expression on her face and a large pipe¹ in her mouth, she blew smoke towards his face.
<?>곰방대 (gom-bang-dae) is a long, traditional Chinese tobacco pipe.

“We’re not recruiting disciples at the moment. You can’t be my disciple.”

Without a word, Yoo Joonghyuk brought over the paper that was attached to the signboard.

<Recruiting Disciples at All Times>

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint scowled.

“While it’s true that we recruit disciples at all times, not anyone can get the position.”
“I’m not just anyone.”
“So it seems. Your face is certainly quite useful so if you’d like, I can make you a slave.”
“Teach me martial arts.”

At Yoo Joonghyuk’s brazen tone, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint quickly eyed him over. Then she made a ‘tch’ sound under her breath.

“You wouldn’t be able to learn even if I taught you.”
“You’re deciding that without even teaching me?”
“My martial arts is not meant for small people like you.”
“I am not small.”
“It also isn’t the right martial arts for a man to use.”

As she said that, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint brandished her pipe around the air. Although she seemed to do it without thinking, Yoo Joonghyuk could feel the complex and profound sword skills in the trajectory of the swing.

“Even if you learn my martial arts, you won’t be as strong as me.”
“I won’t know unless I try.”
“Why are you so obsessed with my martial arts?”

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly raised his head to reveal fiery eyes.

“Because in this Murim², it is the only ‘martial arts’ left.”
<?>무림 (murim) is just a term that refers to the martial arts world.

By this, Yoo Joonghyuk did not mean that he didn’t try to learn other martial arts.
He went to the Namgung Clan where the Sword Emperor was, and to the fallen Jongnam Sect. But they were all half-baked.
In this <First Murim>, there was no other proper martial arts left.

All the techniques once called martial arts were eventually standardized and became [Skills]. They were distributed as [Skill Books] that anyone could readily learn.
However, Yoo Joonghyuk knew. Even with just those skills, he wouldn’t be able to bring down the stars in the sky.

“I need enough strength to kill the constellations.”

A human capable of killing constellations.
The beings that the <Star Stream> labeled as transcendents³.
<?>'transcendence' is explained in more detail at the end of Chapter 166 of the novel.
Among them, the most powerful was the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint in front of him.
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint sighed softly, then opened her mouth to speak.

“If you beat her, then I’ll consider it.”

A watchdog, Breaking the Sky Master, appeared with a growl and stood in Yoo Joonghyuk’s way.

***

In hindsight, it was the start of a tiresome master-disciple relationship.
For Yoo Joonghyuk, who successfully took the Breaking the Sky Master’s rice bowl after encountering numerous difficulties, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint gave him his first task.

“Strike thirty thousand times.”
“It is not possible for a person to strike thirty thousand times in a day.”
“Thirty thousand is nothing. There are people that have stabbed ten billion times in forty years.”
“Do not lie.”
“First of all, start using honorifics when you’re speaking to me.”

As he was getting his bottom spanked, Yoo Joonghyuk wondered if it was really worth getting stronger through this method.
Yoo Joonghyuk was beaten everyday. Before he knew it, it happened for another week and fifteen days had passed.

“How many times have you stabbed?”
“I’ve done it… about ten thousand times.”
“And striking?”
“About… twenty thousand times.”
“You told me you’d do both twenty thousand times.”
“Don’t spank me.”

Yoo Joonghyuk was spanked yet again.
Even though he wasn’t beaten that much, it still hurt as if he’d been hit twenty thousand times.
Just like that, another month, and then two months had passed.
In the end, Yoo Joonghyuk did not learn [Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship].
All that the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint did while claiming to make Yoo Joonghyuk her disciple was appreciate Yoo Joonghyuk’s well-sculpted muscles, assign him basic training, and send him on odd errands.

“Just when will you teach me swordsmanship?”
“Go to the Heavenly Peak in the <Second Murim> and bring me a Hundred Spirit Herb.”

Yoo Joonghyuk climbed the Heavenly Peak with all his might, all while being chased by the Nine Sect Alliance. There were dozens of times where his slipped in the rain and almost fell off a cliff while fighting against shamans and the Taoists of Gonryun⁴. Eventually, Yoo Joonghyuk succeeded in getting his hands on the Hundred Spirit Herb.
<?>One of the sects in the Nine Sect Alliance, as is the Jongnam Sect mentioned earlier.

“I’ve brought it back.”
“Oh, just put it over there.”
“Why did you tell me to go and get this?”

As she looked at the Hundred Spirit Herb which emitted a fresh scent, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint laughed in satisfaction.

“This herb has an air-purifying effect.”
“Now will you teach me swordsmanship?”
"There’s a treasure map in the <Fourth Murim>. It’s the ‘Realm of the Old Hyeonhak Master’. Go to the realm and obtain the pills left by the Old Master."
“What?”

Breaking the Sky Master, who was nearby, woofed.

“These days, her condition is a bit weak so I should get her a powerful elixir.”

Yoo Joonghyuk set out on his way to get some elixir to feed the dog.

He thought that the people there would be weak since it was named the <Fourth Murim>, but the masters of the <Fourth Murim> were incredible. Even those who were considered Grand Masters were at a level that Yoo Joonghyuk could not deal with. However, it was good enough that he returned after meeting the Grand Masters.

“Go to the Demonic Cult in the <Third Murim> and find the Ten Thousand Year Ice. It’s so hot that I don’t feel motivated to teach you martial arts.”

Yoo Joonghyuk almost died when he went to the Demonic Cult. He met the Demonic Cult’s Sect Leader, the Heavenly Demon⁵, and it seemed even if he gathered all the Grand Masters of the <Fourth Murim>, he could not be killed. Nevertheless, this ‘Heavenly Demon’ was only the one of the <Third Murim>. According to the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, the real ‘Heavenly Demon’ was several times stronger than that.
<?>Literally 천마 (Cheon Ma), which you may have seen in its romanized form in other murim novels.

“Go to the Shaolin Temple and steal their Great Elixir⁶. Be careful of the fat guys.”
<?>대환단 (dae-hwan-dan) is a term for the best of the representative elixir 환단 (hwan-dan) of the Shaolin.

Yoo Joonghyuk was quite familiar with the reputation of the Shaolin Temple. However, he thought that it was a place where the damned monks gathered. He was a person who’d already withstood the Grand Masters and the Heavenly Demon. After fighting them, there was no way he couldn’t deal with the monks.

……At least, that was what he thought. Due to a moment’s carelessness, Yoo Joonghyuk was suddenly attacked by a monk. He ended up with a shaved head and was locked up in a penitentiary for three months.

Although he managed to escape and bring back the Great Elixir, he very nearly died to the Eighteen Arhats.

“You took a while this time. What’s with your hair?”

Yoo Joonghyuk’s bald head was the work of a Divine Monk, the highest master of the Shaolin Temple.⁷ Fortunately, there were some benefits to the loss of his hair.
<?>신승(shin-seung/神僧) refers to the special title of an exceptional/legendary monk. I believe this is mis-tled in the novel as Guardian God of Victory in Chapter 261.

This was so that he could learn the Shaolin’s [Hundred Steps Godly Fists].
And just like that, three months, six months, and a whole year had passed.

His hair grew back in no time.
Since then, Yoo Joonghyuk completed all of his errands despite the constant danger of dying. They were such difficult errands that he even thought it would be better to regress and just start everything over.

The <Star Stream> was vast and the powerful opponents it contained were plentiful.
How much more stronger would he have to become, just to see the end of these dreadful scenarios?

At times, Yoo Joonghyuk lashed out and mindlessly tried attacking the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.
He almost died.
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was not someone who could be defeated even if the Divine Monk, the Heavenly Demon, and the Grand Masters rushed her all at once.
Yoo Joonghyuk was satisfied even if his bottom was beaten to a pulp.
In any case, his teacher was stronger than the Divine Monk and Heavenly Demon.

“Why on earth did you choose to teach me?”
“You’re good-looking.”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“I won’t get another chance to spank a good-looking guy like this.”

Another year passed.
During that time, Yoo Joonghyuk encountered many masters, fought them, and won.
As his fame spread across the <First Murim>, the reputation of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint also increased by the day.

“I’m the one defeating the masters, so I don’t understand why your reputation is getting better.”
“The world is recognizing the shadow of a remarkable teacher.”
“A teacher exists so they can teach things.”
“Come to think of it, you haven’t been pestering me to teach you swordsmanship lately.”

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint giggled as she sat on the wooden floor of the hall like usual.

The young ladies of powerhouse families⁸ who came to visit the training Yoo Joonghyuk slowly disappeared one by one, and the cool night air poured in instead.
<?>세가 (sega) is a murim term for families/clans with lots of authority/influence over several generations.
It had been two years since Yoo Joonghyuk came to Murim.
Breaking the Sky Master, who was panting, settled next to Yoo Joonghyuk’s leg and laid down on the floor.
A dog that was stronger than a regular dog. Even worse, it was a dog that had entered before him, a dog that had become his Shixiong⁹. It was a dog that had the strongest endurance in the Murim after consuming the miracle pills of the Old Hyeonhak Master and the Great Elixir.
<?>(師兄) a term for a senior martial brother.

Woof woof!

Yoo Joonghyuk sighed softly and petted the dog’s back. As if in a good mood, the Breaking the Sky Master gently wagged her tail.
The nearby mill produced the sound of a continuous stream of water. Within the grass, he could also hear the steady thrum of the insects.
Yoo Joonghyuk quietly exhaled. The swaying leaves of the Hundred Spirit Herb spread the cool air of the Ten Thousand Year Ice. The heat of the day had disappeared to reveal the night.
The night sky of Murim was beautiful.

“Tell me about your story.”

Typically, he wouldn’t have begun talking just because he was told to do so by a shameless teacher. He was always wary, the type to seldom talk about himself.
The reason he opened his mouth was probably because he felt that this life was bound to go wrong anyway.
Or perhaps it could’ve been because of the soft fur of the Breaking the Sky Master who was resting on his thigh.
Or it could’ve been because he found the way the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint was spreading rings of cigarette smoke into the night sky amusing.
Maybe because the sound of the grass bugs and the water was so loud, and maybe because the stars in the Murim’s sky were so bright and dazzling, that he might’ve fooled himself into thinking no one was going to listen to him tonight anyway.
Whatever the reason, Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth and began a long-winded monologue.
He told the story of the day he first participated in a scenario.
Told the story of when he started regressing, of repeating worlds.
Yoo Joonghyuk talked away, alone, about his story that no one else would understand.
It didn’t matter whether the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint heard his story or not. All that mattered was that Yoo Joonghyuk was able to share a story he’d been holding in for so long, and that there was someone there to listen to it.
Like a tree that had withstood the passage of time, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint listened to his story.
Only the Mirror Eyes of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, which gleamed in the faint night air, told him that she was listening to Yoo Joonghyuk’s story.

The Mirror Eyes. Eyes that could look into the emotions of other people.
As he looked into those eyes that did not thoughtlessly console or blame him, Yoo Joonghyuk felt a sense of ease wash over him.
How much time had passed? Eventually, Yoo Joonghyuk’s story came to an end.
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint thought for a while and then said,

“You seem like someone who never had parents.”

Yoo Joonghyuk mulled over it and then asked:

“Are you insulting me?”
“You’re like a person that’s fallen from the sky.”

Yoo Joonghyuk quietly lifted his gaze to the sky.
Perhaps the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint’s words weren’t completely wrong. After all, he didn’t actually know what his parents’ faces looked like.

“When were you born?”
“I don’t know.”
“Did no one ever tell you?”

Yoo Joonghyuk nodded.
Of course, he had an assigned resident registration number. However, he knew that it wasn’t his real birthday.

“I just know that I was born in the summer.”

An ephemerally beautiful Murim sky.
At the end of this dazzling <Star Stream>, surely there must be someone who created all of these scenarios.

“Why do you want to become a transcendent?”

Yoo Joonghyuk looked up at the sky without a word. The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint also stared up at Yoo Joonghyuk’s sky. At times, there are feelings that can be conveyed by simply looking towards the same place.
Breaking the Sky Sword Saint slowly rose from her seat and drew a sword towards the sky. It was a beautiful sword. A delicate yet strong, an elegant yet restrained sword.
Her sword, which she had extended, blazed at the sky.
Was it an illusion? The stars in the sky she had struck seemed to fall.
Yoo Joonghyuk fell into a daze as he gazed at the stars. He couldn’t bring himself to look away even though he knew it wasn’t real.
How long did he spend watching the lights scatter beautifully like fireworks? As he did, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint held a small sack she’d obtained from somewhere.

“Eat up. This is my favorite food.”

Steam billowed up from the swaying sack.
Yoo Joonghyuk’s expression twisted into a grimace.

“I don’t eat things that others made.”
“I bought it especially for you. Eat.”
“I don’t want to.”
“Let’s see. Today is…”

Between the radiantly shining summer stars, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint drew an eight and a three with her sword.

“From now on, today is your birthday, my disciple.”

***

It would’ve been nice if that were the end of his birthday-related memories.
But as always, this <Star Stream> didn’t like happy endings.
It was exactly a year after the fireworks of that summer night went off.
It had been a hot, humid summer, and the night was terribly stormy.

“Teacher.”

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint had gone against both the Heavenly Demon and the Blood Demon.
Over thousands of masters died, and the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint alone fought against the alliance of returnees to protect her Murim.
Yoo Joonghyuk ran across the air while carrying the fallen Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.
He already knew that it was a wound that could not be healed, and the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint knew that as well.

“Breaking the Sky Sword Saint!”

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint did not respond to Yoo Joonghyuk’s cries.
Yoo Joonghyuk laid her down in the safe house and poured all of his elixirs into the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint’s mouth. These were the medicines that he had collected all this time. The Hundred Spirit Herb. The Hyeonhak pills. The Great Elixir……
But the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint’s spirit was only growing weaker.
The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint’s story was breaking down.
Yoo Joonghyuk spat out a curse.

Please.

A presence so large that it appeared to be a forest. She was also a tree. A tree, one that collapsed when typhoons blew and lightning struck.

What would happen if he could turn back time?
If he regressed back here. So that he could save his teacher.

If he went back in time, then the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint that he knew would disappear.

Slowly, his teacher lifted her gaze to him. Her big hands wrapped around Yoo Joonghyuk’s cheek.

“My disciple.”
“I still haven’t learned Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship.”
“Don’t you already know it?”

The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint already knew Yoo Joonghyuk’s ability. Yoo Joonghyuk’s devilish ability, which was able to learn anything at a glance, had already acquired the [Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship].
Yoo Joonghyuk shook his head.

“Didn’t you say you’d make me a transcendent? That you’d make me capable of killing the constellations, that you’d make me capable of destroying the <Star Stream>......”

If you’re not here, I can’t become strong.
I…

“Joonghyuk-ah.”

His teacher stared into his eyes.

“You’re already stronger than me.”

Yoo Joonghyuk’s shoulders trembled. He was prepared to say that wasn’t true.

“You’re just refusing to become stronger than me.”

Yoo Joonghyuk slowly dropped his head. His breathing grew rough, his fingers twitched.
The past year had been so peaceful that he’d forgotten this sensation.
It was all about to repeat itself again.

“Breaking the Sky Sword Saint, I…”
“I know.”

His large teacher’s hand covered Yoo Joonghyuk’s head.
As if she truly understood Yoo Joonghyuk’s heart, the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint faintly smiled.

“You’re a good-looking disciple. I wish you wouldn’t learn Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship again.”

His teachers’ words resounded in his head.
He shouldn’t have come searching for the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint. He shouldn’t have tried to learn the Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship. He shouldn’t have come to Murim.

“I wish you would just freely lie on the wooden floor, and eat dumplings made by others.”

His teacher knew what he was going to do.
She knew what sort of sky he was going to break using her [Breaking the Sky Swordsmanship].
That’s why she didn’t want to teach him swordsmanship. She had wanted him to give up, one way or another.

“But you’ll go and gather the Hundred Spirit Herb again. Even though you’ll know why I ordered it, you’ll still get the job done by all means.”

That’s why she made him run such a difficult errand.

“You’ll go and attack the Realm of the Old Hyeonhak Master, and you’ll steal the Ten Thousand Year Ice and Great Elixir. You’ll do it time and time again. You’ll become twenty nine, and then thirty.”

Yoo Joonghyuk’s hands trembled. He wanted to say something, but his voice wasn’t coming out. The Breaking the Sky Sword Saint continued.

“I will once again ask you for your birthday without knowing anything. People will congratulate you once you’re twenty nine, and when you become thirty. They won’t understand at all what that means to you……”

As if she were looking at the distant future of her student, who would come to repeat this exact time once more, light was disappearing from the eyes of the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint.

“Even so, don’t resent people too much, my disciple.”

He was a regressor.
He was a being who walked alone, while remembering all of time.

“Because they’re just happy that you were born.”

Watching his teacher’s slowly slipping hand, Yoo Joonghyuk lifted his head.
Once again, the sky of the <Star Stream> could be seen.
The eyes that looked upon the same sky had only decreased by a pair, but the stars there looked different from usual.
Yoo Joonghyuk slowly rose from his seat.
Just as a radish only grows when it receives light and water, stories feed on tragedy.
The humans within the scenarios only become strong when they lose something.

Murim nights were no longer beautiful.
Yoo Joonghyuk grasped his sword, and only then was he born.

At that moment, he was neither a constellation, nor was he a star.
Nevertheless, to the distant universe’s constellations, Yoo Joonghyuk appeared as a radiant star.

And thus, Yoo Joonghyuk became a transcendent.

***

The video playback concluded with a bright ray of light.
[41], who was sitting on the park bench and watching the video together, murmured,

“You had this kind of memory?”

The Secretive Plotter slowly shook his head.
He’d made it an old habit of recalling his entire life by borrowing the memories of the little Yoo Joonghyuks, but this was also his first time seeing such memories.

“Do you have the memory of when you first saw it? You must be the ‘Yoo Joonghyuk’ who has the memories of all the ‘Yoo Joonghyuks’.”

【I seem to have a memory of something I don’t remember, 41. It’s just like how you forgot your life.】

At those words, [41] fell silent.
Yoo Joonghyuk of the 41st regression.
He was the only Yoo Joonghyuk who couldn’t remember most of his life. Because of that, the Secretive Plotter didn’t know what exactly happened during his life.

【In any case, it’s possible that it could be a newly observed memory.】

Yoo Joonghyuk’s memory of living 1,863 times was as vast as the universe itself.
Among those, some memories exist unrecorded. You may wonder what that means, but this universe was simply made like that.
As if something suddenly came to his mind, the ‘Secretive Plotter’ took out a book he’d held against his chest.

『Record Book of Kim Dokja’s Comments』

At the sight of the book’s name, [41]’s eyes widened and he asked,

“What is that?”

【It is a book that recorded the comments he left behind.】

“Rather, I mean to ask why do you have such a thing?”

The Secretive Plotter flipped the pages without responding, and then stopped at a particular page.

『Author-nim, by the way, when is Joonghyuk’s birthday?』

The Secretive Plotter looked at that comment for a long time.
Kim Dokja left this comment some time around when the Breaking the Sky Sword Saint talked about his birthday.
Right then, a text message arrived with a notification sound.

— Captain. You’re coming at 8 o’clock today, right? Everyone’s waiting for you.

The message was accompanied by a picture.

As if they were all making dumplings, Lee Jihye was making a V-shape with her hands, her cheeks covered with flour. Kim Namwoon who was frowning beside her, Lee Hyunsung who was holding all cracked dumplings, and Uriel who was making large, sheep-shaped dumplings could also be seen. At the edge of the picture, he could see the hand of a boy who looked like a middle schooler.

The Secretive Plotter sent a message back.

— I don’t eat things that others make.

The reply came back instantly.

— Not even this one?

Along with the message, Lee Jihye sent a picture of a large dumpling the size of a human head. No matter what, it was not of a size that a person could eat, but it was a grand dumpling whose beauty could not be understood.
On top of the large dumpling, there was a message, crookedly written in ketchup.

Dumpling Made by Others

The Secretive Plotter looked at the picture for a long time before typing his response.

— So things that others have made

That was all the Secretive Plotter had written before he pressed backspace and deleted his entire sentence.
At the sight of that, [41] smirked. The scattered afterimage of [41] sank back into the Secretive Plotter’s body.
The Secretive Plotter rose from his seat without a word.
He hadn’t even realized, but the sun was already setting. He looked at the clock and it read 7 PM. It was the original time the scenarios were meant to become paid content. But no matter how long he waited, the scenarios didn’t begin.
Next to the blinking clock was a number that indicated the date.

August 3rd.

It was a date on the solar calendar that had absolutely no relation to him.
As the sun was not his sponsor, naturally the solar calendar was not his time.
No one else lived the same flow of time he did, nor could anyone else do that.
But nevertheless.

For the people that remembered him, they say that today is his birthday.

And he was no longer sad about that fact.
